CANNOT AUTO-SAVE WITHOUT HAVING BEEN SAVED AT LEAST ONCE; NO FILENAME.
Number of Utterances: 20000
Number of Hubs: 1651

Hub:        0
Percentage: % 0.07
Dispersion: 0.170436007635934
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I do like hiking though.  A few weeks ago I went on a nice hike in Provo canyon.  It got pretty snowy though, and that was on a sunny day!   Have you been to any national. parks?  Those are my favorite places to hike.'
	 b"I haven't hiked in a while, but my favorite hike when I was little was the Kanarraville falls hike in UT. do you go rock climbing a lot?"
	 b'Well I think Hikes are more fun when elevation changes. And there are no mountains in South Carolina. So the :hikes: can get pretty boring after you have done them. they are just trails. I have done hikes in Northern California and those are great.'
	 b'Have you been up to bridal veil falls or rock canyon here in provo? They are pretty, and the hike is not that bad. If you go down south a bit, Nephi canyon and a canyon in. Spanish fork are beautiful. Do you hike much when you are home?'
	 b'Hiking is fun! What is our favorite hike you have ever been on?'
	 b"Well a couple of my friends and I have been wanting to go to maple canyon for a while! It's one of the best rockclimbing places! Have you heard of maple canyon before?"
	 b'I have heard that Colorado is a beautiful state! Do you enjoy hiking?'
	 b"Aah I haven't been there but I really want to go! Well we went to Grove Creek Trail which was a nice one. Donut Falls is another good one. and the club went up to Bear's Ears for a weekend although I missed that one, which I was really sad about. And if you ever happen to be in Michigan, Pictured Rocks is one of my favorite hikes ever."
	 b'Have you gone to any cave hikes?'
	 b'I meant pictures for those regular tourist sights. I love hiking and being outside too.'

Hub:        1
Percentage: % 0.065
Dispersion: 0.18635613643206084
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh it is so nice over there. Did you ever go to the Mount Shasta area.'
	 b'That is awesome. Have you been to the aviary in salt lake.'
	 b'you mean Hayweird? oh cool that is awesome! such a small world. do you guys go back often to visit the Bay area?'
	 b'i thkn new zealand whould be an awesome place to visit. have you ver been to the west side of oregon.'
	 b'I love Seattle. I have been there a couple of times. It is absolutley beautiful! What parts of Colorado and Idaho did you visit?'
	 b"Oh that's cool, I've never been there. I've heard it's beautiful there. Wait, there are monkeys there right?"
	 b'Oh no way!! That\xe2\x80\x99s awesome!!! I\xe2\x80\x99m from Santa Rosa so a little further north than where you served.'
	 b"it's near Cedar City Utah. I think it's becoming more popular. sounds like a ton of fun. Have you ever been rappelling?"
	 b'my friend went to maui ( i think thats the place everyone goes to right?) have you been there? clarinettttttt. im squiward. squidward. you?'
	 b'woah! you were in st george? holy. thats a drive.'

Hub:        2
Percentage: % 0.05
Dispersion: 0.18657994866371155
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It's usually warm and humid, we have winter, but it isn't crazy like the winter here. It rains in all seasons."
	 b'yeah i am not a fan of shorts whhen its 30 degrees. where im from its doesnt get colder than 40 degrees usually in the winter. it has only ever snowed and stuck twice in my home town.'
	 b'yes that is true. I like spring but in utah spring is so spontaneous with the weather. LIke this years spring here in provo. It would be like 70 degrees outside then the next day it would snow. Then couple days its raining. LIke make up your mind Utah!'
	 b"It's almost summer time and yet it snows. Unbelievable."
	 b'It rains every once in a while, but it can get really humid.'
	 b'wow those are some great reasons! I like the Spring the best because I feel like its warmer than the Fall and its not too hot either or too cold.'
	 b'it does change where i am but our cold is like 38 and humid wind to chill the bones and our hot is like 111 on a blazing baking summer day.'
	 b'yeah it does in the winters.  the driving is pretty bad in the winters as well.'
	 b'Usually what happens is the snow bundles up underneath me and creates bumps.'
	 b'401R but he only does it in the winter semster.'

Hub:        3
Percentage: % 0.05
Dispersion: 0.1805511713027954
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah I like to keep close friends close and I don't really go out of my way to make new friends."
	 b"Yeah I'm really selective when it comes to close friends so I have a lot of acquaintances but not a lot of people I can carry out long conversations with. I actually got really good grades too, so overall the move was a positive experience."
	 b":) Uh... There's not much to tell. Not really. Every since the start of high school I haven't had too many friends. I know I am pathetic."
	 b'I feel like I meet lots of people with this but never get to meet them so its like I am wasting good friendships. but it is part of the rules.'
	 b'Specially when it\xe2\x80\x99s someone I care about like my sister and we are really good friends now. But we weren\xe2\x80\x99t really good friends after that it took many years.'
	 b"haha I just don't really feel like I have anyone to talk to like this because all my oregon friends have moved on and people here don't want to make the effort to be friends."
	 b'I feel like it is hard to make friends.'
	 b"I think a true friend is somebody who is willing to spend time with you. Yeah, does this mean we're best friends? We've been chatting for 2 hours. almost non-stop."
	 b"You are never apart for long. You are never alone in your school, and if you don't have friends, you can use your twin's friends in a pinch."
	 b'I really like how hyper they are lol. And I really like hiking, but not a lot of my other friends do. So I can bring them along with me.'

Hub:        4
Percentage: % 0.05
Dispersion: 0.1989136040210724
Sample Utterances:
	 b'lets keep the chats to 2 its hard to keep up haha.'
	 b'yooo. hahaha. you want to keep just one chat or have dos?'
	 b'haha.  that is all that it said. we could make this our new group chat.'
	 b'lets keep 2 chats open?'
	 b'double chat going on haha. if you want we can have 2 going but we dont have to.'
	 b'hmmmm. you should save those chats.'
	 b"lol, two convos. I'll switch to the main one."
	 b'That was one of them. Your chats just increased by like 20. Hahaha.'
	 b'Yeah you gotta make em run! We need more good chat data!'
	 b'I think just on slack.'

Hub:        5
Percentage: % 0.05
Dispersion: 0.10977579951286316
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have to go. It was nice talking to you.'
	 b'I have to go, but it was nice talking to you!'
	 b'Well ive got to go now but it was good talking with you!'
	 b'Okay. It was great talking to you!'
	 b'ill tell you another time I need to go! nice talking to you.'
	 b'hha nice I dont think i really thought . about it but hey i am gonna get out of here but it was nice talking to you.... peace.'
	 b'it was nice chatting with you!'
	 b'Oh yeah, and sometimes for yourself. Hey sorry I need to go, It has been talking to you.'
	 b'OK. good bye. It was nice talking to you too shelby!'
	 b'I had no clue what to say to that. You have anything you do want to talk about?'

Hub:        6
Percentage: % 0.05
Dispersion: 0.19481827020645143
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I don\'t think that we will come close to "true" artificial intelligence. As in a machine with conciousness.'
	 b'I don\xe2\x80\x99t think they will because as long as we understand them we can program them and we can stop them from doing anything to irrational. Another problem I see is that even though there are many different applications of artificial intelligence none of them can combine into an intelligent being there just kind o.'
	 b'Hmmm... Artificial intelligence is just when a machine can grow and learn such as a human... tbh it kinda freaks me out to think of my phone or my toaster thinking for itself!'
	 b"I was actually meaning to ask you this but why don't you think that computers are going to take over the world and  ruin everything. You seem to have a lot of faith in ai."
	 b'but you know they are developing quantum computers that can crack even the toughest of all encryptions. yeah i agree. technology will progress and if not by us then by an economic rival. and then we would be doomed.'
	 b'Interesting. If a computer has human intelligence does that mean it can feel pain? Is that one thing we have to do to achieve humanness?'
	 b'It is a company that is funded by elon musk that is designed to elo us connect with machines. On a mental level. The idea is that if we can connect with conputer hard ware, we can stay relevant in the age of artificial intelligence.'
	 b'I read a book once where there was a supercomputer that went crazy and tried to take over the world. Obviously that one was really advanced, but it is definitely possible.'
	 b"There were some people in germany that did their thesis statement on whehter or not humans are in the matrix. they determined that we aren't in the matrix but i cant remember what they said."
	 b'Do you think that there will ever be a field called Machine Understanding?'

Hub:        7
Percentage: % 0.05
Dispersion: 0.13143954277038575
Sample Utterances:
	 b'what is your favorite color?'
	 b"What's your favorite color?"
	 b'WHATS YOUR FAVORITE COLOUR.'
	 b'Favorite color is a good place to start!'
	 b'Start easy: what is your favorite color?'
	 b'I really like gray, which is kind of odd and unique. Gray, yellow, and purple. My favorite clothes and decor are gray though. What about you, what is your favorite color?'
	 b'Nice. My favorite color is blue.'
	 b"what is your favorite color. I hate to be anticlimactic and all (if thats what you can call it), but I just don't know ok?"
	 b'That is a sad thought :( If you were a crayon, what color would you be?'
	 b"It's refreshing. So Question: which I think is very telling of someone, What is your favorite color? Or I might just be cliche... :) but I think it's a good question."

Hub:        8
Percentage: % 0.05
Dispersion: 0.19757870435714722
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ahhh I feel you there. Well after being so busy for 2 school semesters I think this day of doing nothing feels really good haha.'
	 b"That's gotta feel good. plus you're about to get a nice break from it all. Unless you're taking summer classes haha."
	 b'same i just want to focus on school for at least the first year lol.'
	 b'Oh that is awesome! You are going to do great! Congrats on making it into BYU! I am almost done with my degree, so I am pretty stressed about finals and projects that are due soon!'
	 b'Same. I love that place and there\xe2\x80\x99s lots to do. How goes studying for finals? All good on the late reply btw.'
	 b"Ohh nice! My school started on August 9th so that's why we get out so early. It was annoying at first but I'm glad for it now."
	 b'Sounds painful :( I was always in awe of people like you who could do that stuff at dances. Congrats on your graduation. I graduated Saturday.'
	 b'Oh yay! What was the best part about graduation?'
	 b'Nah, not sad, just stressful (: I feel you. Just yesterday I spent the entire day studying and doing homework. and the only thing that kept me going was the fact that I knew I would be able to sleep when I was done.'
	 b"Beautiful. Nothing like leftovers to make a college student happy. Oh, wow, I actually have to get going. Can't believe it's already 4:20. Ahhhh, wow. Okay, okay. It was nice talking with you!"

Hub:        9
Percentage: % 0.05
Dispersion: 0.22946816682815552
Sample Utterances:
	 b"thanks! and yeah, it's tough to deal with stress for most people. I guess I just learned how to manage it. It's a quality all can have really."
	 b'Im just really good at doing things I know I shouldnt and putting off the things i should be doing. Especially when it comes to school. All this leads to. A neverending cycle of stress. Which causes more failure and thats what i mean by self sabotage. Bye Chan man, it was nice having you for a therapist today lol.'
	 b"That is definitely a strength. I wish I had more time to talk that often. At work I don't usually have a lot of time though. But it's ultimately to help science anyways."
	 b'It has caused me so much grief this last semester, but I get that its good to do hard things. I just dont want to, but I probably should.'
	 b'mmm I like that. It is really important to live in the moment and not let other things get in the way. I feel like I stress to much about the things in the future that I miss. the important things that is in the now and then it gets me more stressed because I miss it.'
	 b'Thanks for the advice and encouragement! It definitely seems do-able. I always feel so much better when I get enough sleep.'
	 b'Haha. Thanks for the inspiration. I\'m just one of those really slow growers. My processes of practice and learning and looking for opportunities go a little slower than normal. but I still try to make it happen. There\'s just a lot problems out there and there are always people raving about how we should be doing something about it and not doing anything about it themselves. And my main "dream" is to just be one of those people that does something instead of complaining.'
	 b"oh haha thanks but I don't think I am that lucky. I think the most important thing is to be grateful in our circumstance as Elder Uchtdorf taught."
	 b"that's a good quality to have. I get stressed easily."
	 b"We don't, which I'm grateful for haha, from what I've heard they sound stressful."

Hub:        10
Percentage: % 0.05
Dispersion: 0.18609982132911682
Sample Utterances:
	 b"i feel that. I'm ready for summer so I actually have time to do stuff lol. I'll be working and taking a college class, but at least I'll have a little more free time."
	 b"yeah i wish i would have time in the summer but im going to be working a lot so i feel like that's all i will be doing."
	 b"lol yeah im still in school so usually when we are talking i am in classes, but since it's almost the end we aren't doing much in classes anymore which is nice but i get bored. a lot. and yeah i would take summer classes, i actually plan on graduating a year early hopefully."
	 b"And I'm in my roommate's house, so I don't have a lot to do. The summer break, my internship starts on the 14th, so until then I have plenty of time to watch things."
	 b'Well I still have school for a little while and I might choose to go to school summer term as well but if not I\xe2\x80\x99ll probably go home and work for my dad and save up some money.'
	 b"haha, that's the life of a college student! Nothing exciting happens except ending the semester."
	 b"Yeah. My wife is pregnant so I need to get ready for that so I don't have to work as much during the FAll semester. That's always fun!"
	 b'no unfortunately..... My time is occupied with school, work, and rock climbing and girlfriend. YOU KNOW WHAT. you gave me a great Idea I am going to do Art with my girlfriend when we both have time.'
	 b'ive connected to him. thanks. im just studying to keep myself busy, and im taking a pre-requisite, so just studying for it.'
	 b'no work or school right now. thats why I can dedicate all my time to this.'

Hub:        11
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.1769089698791504
Sample Utterances:
	 b"What's the weather like?"
	 b'ok sounds good (:. what is the weather like where your at?'
	 b'"Alexa, what\'s the weather like today?". "Perfect weather for getting baptized.".'
	 b'how do you like the weather today?'
	 b'Is the weather nice where you live? Its always changing here.'
	 b"what's your favorite weather."
	 b'whats the sociopoltical climate over there??'
	 b'oh whats the temp there?'
	 b'how hot is it in nigeria usually.'

Hub:        12
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.15574292341868082
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't have any particular genre that I mostly listen to. Usually if I hear a song or an artist I like I'll listen to it, so I listen to everything from rap to alternative to pop to classic rock. I don't discriminate over here. It really depends on the day."
	 b'As for music, I enjoy classical. However, I also enjoy listening to anything upbeat. As long as it is not rap or screamo, I find it entertaining. What about you?'
	 b"i don't really have a single genre. i listen to everything from metal to country. just all depends on the mood. what about you?"
	 b'Haha!!! I do the same thing! I love all music, and find music all sorts of ways. My music has all sorts of genres from all sorts of decades!'
	 b'Some stuff me and my dad like, but I feel I have my own distinct taste. but yeah, I listen to their stuff on youtube or spotify so not really expensive XD. So, what do you like to do for fun?'
	 b'I am an all times kinda person. I like new and old stuff. It kinda just depends on my mood what I want to listen to that day.'
	 b'It really depends on the day. Usually if I listen to music for leisure (as opposed to when I\'m dancing or teaching dance), it is to help motivate me. Usually that means I go to my different Pandora stations  for studying or working out. For studying or focusing on something I like to listen to my "Tron" radio station. That\'s mostly electronic music. For working out I like listening to my favorites from high school so I\'ll listen to  old top hit playlists from a few years ago.'
	 b"Yeah I do like country a lot. But when it comes to music I'm really not that picky. I just never know how to find the new stuff! So I take recommendations and build my music profile from there haha."
	 b'It would be about rap probably. Haha. I am obsessed with an artist named NF, and I really enjoy his lyrics. That is kind of weird, but I would definitely do it.'

Hub:        13
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.08752163251241048
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh my hahaha.'
	 b'right hahaha.'
	 b'Oh my! Hahaha. What the heck?! Hahaha.'
	 b'wait... hahahaha.'
	 b'hahahaha. for me.'
	 b"oh gosh that's gonna be me hahaha."
	 b'hahahah what the heck???'
	 b'Yaaaas. Hahah.'
	 b'oh. thats the one I ahve lololol.'

Hub:        14
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.1537281738387214
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thats a ways away.... haha this is my first semester. so i am still figuring things out.'
	 b'Yeah thats me haha. I am hoping for straight As this semester.'
	 b'Yeah, I am just getting started at college, this is my first semester. But next fall I start the program classes.'
	 b"nah, i'm just excited to move further in the program. i'm actually just finishing my freshman year lol."
	 b'Ummm kinda. I got a lot more studying to do. Kinda working on it now.  Its my first semester so Im a little nervous about them! Are you?'
	 b'yea, I have learned that after my first semester, so now I am making sure I do that.'
	 b'right.. I knew that. haha Im a freshman. so Still first year lol.'
	 b"Cool! I'd be interested in taking it someday, but I will graduate soon, so I probably won't be able to fit it in."
	 b"That is true. Good ol' BYU! So any pointers or suggestions on how I can get going on this chit chat thing? I'm still in the 200's!! Yikes! I guess it will really help with my typing skills to keep up with all of this!"

Hub:        15
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.15134184890323216
Sample Utterances:
	 b'And I mean props to you if you are Computer science, but I took a few classes and it was more than enough.'
	 b'Forget the you. Oh well yeah and I mean my major is applied and computational mathematics. You have to take CS 142 which is the basic computing. Basically teaches you how to program in C++ which is the first time I\xe2\x80\x99ve ever been able to program and anything.'
	 b'Hahaha. Um in programming they had people come in and talk about application of computer science. it was interesting.'
	 b"Yep, you don't get into real inference until later courses. that's how I felt with Computer Engineering."
	 b'Beautiful: Not have to take more than one computer science department class.'
	 b"Cool! I'm taking a computer science class right now and I like it too!"
	 b"That is cool! I'm excited to take penetration testing. It's an IT class, but it can count for CS credit."
	 b"haha, that was probably my favorite cs class i've taken. althuogh i haven't had the best of luck with getting good teachers. if nothing else i've gained a lot of respect for people who write code for a living."
	 b'classes were hard and lots of projects haah. and girlfriend.'

Hub:        16
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.11690715948740642
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What about you.'
	 b'what about you?'
	 b'What about you?'
	 b'what about you. thats good.'
	 b'what about yours?'
	 b"Not sure, there's too many!! What about you?"
	 b'just you so far haha. what about you?'
	 b'What about you what would you say?'
	 b'Just the norm. What about you Jaezo?'

Hub:        17
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.1654741432931688
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Its such a good show and i havent watched it in a while.'
	 b'yeha i have seen that show it is pretty cool. it is actually one of my favorite shows. yo there?'
	 b"It's sooooo gooooood!!! Haha I watched that too. Like one season of it. It's hilarious."
	 b'I have watched those episodes a ton.'
	 b"I know. And he is beautiful. so overall it's just a very satisfying show;). Oh you need to watch it... it's so funny!!"
	 b"Yeah! I just recently got it set up on my computer. I'm so excited to watch the shows that everyone else has been talking about."
	 b'We just never watched it. I think it is tv14.'
	 b"I'm not even joking. I want to watch this show called Whiplash."
	 b'hahah good. you are going to get some real good episodes and your mind will be blown.'

Hub:        18
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.19761272271474203
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ya, I think understanding the history really brings value and eloquence to any topic that you study. I find that I have to be passionate or learning can be so burdonsome. I seek to find somethign to love in everything I learn, and by it have that I can do very well in anything.,.'
	 b'thats really cool, im really interested in exploring those types of classes deeper than i have because being able to have a deeper understanding of people could really help me. in my field in the long run.'
	 b'Yeah. I enjoy learning in general and like learning anything new can be so exciting. But I lose passion usually based on presentation, and not on material.'
	 b'That is a mature way of looking at it, and I agree. Any educational pursuits are so much better when driven by passion. It helps us accomplish so much more than really anything else could.'
	 b'And I have a really good memory so I can remember remember the different pieces of the equation as I\xe2\x80\x99m solving it and I can do most of them in my head as a result. Equations that is. It isn\xe2\x80\x99t really that nice it\xe2\x80\x99s just that I think Differently. As a result of that I am terrible at taking notes and I am also terrible at writing. I don\xe2\x80\x99t think this has anything to do with it but I can\xe2\x80\x99t be attention very well. But I managed to force myself to. I guess some people say really interesting things then it catches my attention a lot more to. Good teachers are really good at taking the important concepts and teaching them at the times when their classes most interested.'
	 b'I actually am not up for reliving things. Though I make mistakes, I prefer to learn from them instead of constantly trying to do them over. Even the hardest moments in my life. Have turned into good ones because of what I learned from them. That being said, I love studying history, and I believe it would be absolutely fascinating to travel back and.'
	 b'I would like to teach; I love it when people go from being totally in the dark to understanding a complex topic in simple terms.'
	 b"Well I'm watching the crash course philosophy series and it's really interesting. I'm considering minoring in philosophy."
	 b'focus in our major is understanding the human on a deeper level than shallow insights.'

Hub:        19
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.1292075581020779
Sample Utterances:
	 b"so what's you favorite movie."
	 b'What is your favorite movie?'
	 b"Oh cool haha. What's your favorite movie?"
	 b'Do you have a favorite movie or anything?'
	 b"It's all good. What was your favorite childhood movie, then?"
	 b'What types of movies do you watch most often?'
	 b"that's cool. What are you favorite brands? And favorite movie? pick top 3."
	 b'Watch good movies.'
	 b'guess who. haha the last film that made an impression on me  would be the greatest showman. what about you?'

Hub:        20
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.1243405474556817
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh you told me that.'
	 b'Oh yeah you told me about this.'
	 b'yeah. did I tell you that?'
	 b'ohhh thats right you told me.'
	 b'Well now you have me.'
	 b'i think you told me that once. i was thinking about it earlier.'
	 b'ahahahaha that makes me look good huh.'
	 b'you and i did. he he.'
	 b"I can't super remember what I've already told you haha."

Hub:        21
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.14849872059292263
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I havent swam in 3 years, but there was a time when I was in a swim team. I honestly need to go.'
	 b'im a swimmer and play water polo. pretty much anything with water.'
	 b'I didnt finish learning to swim until I was like 12. I did 4-5 years of swim coaching. Each summer.'
	 b'Way fun, I like being in water but I cant really swim all that way. Well I can swim, just not lap swim. I am indexing all the files for a company since 2014.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99ve been swimming since I was younger but this was the first year our school got an actual swim team. I wasn\xe2\x80\x99t pretty sad it was when I was graduating.'
	 b"I was on a swim team in elementary school but not recently. Yeah I'm thinking maybe I'll get back into it this summer."
	 b'It was meant to be!! But to be honest for a second. It\'s way better than never being able to not smell like chlorine. So I\'m a swimmer, and i have practice in the mornings,. but then after school I go teach swim lessons, and so every once and a while in class people will be like, "It smells like chlorine". i basically bring a pool around with me. I\'m in a pool 4-6 days a week.'
	 b"I enjoy swimming but haven't been doing it much recently."
	 b'yeah I hate running but I love swim.'

Hub:        22
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.1706345478693644
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha.  You. are. good.'
	 b'haha youre good.'
	 b'hahahaha. you will get there.'
	 b'So this is perfect for tou. You*.'
	 b'girlllll you are so nice.'
	 b'hahaha, well it seems to have taught you a lesson.'
	 b'Haha way to be a good sport.'
	 b"Wow you're very confident lol."
	 b"Hey it's a great document okay."

Hub:        23
Percentage: % 0.045
Dispersion: 0.016820655928717718
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thats awesome.'
	 b"That's awesome!!"
	 b"That's awesome!!!"
	 b'Thats awesome!'
	 b'thats awesome.'
	 b'Thats awesome!!'
	 b"That's awesome!"
	 b'That is awesome!'
	 b"nice! that's great!"

Hub:        24
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.15102670341730118
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i\xe2\x80\x99m majoring in biology, but i\xe2\x80\x99m also open to looking into other majors as well.'
	 b"Not really sure yet- I want to go into biology, so I might just do biology or I might go into genetics or medical laboratory science. My original plan was to do biomedical engineering, but BYU doesn't have that as a major right now. What about you?"
	 b'rn i plan on majoring in Engineering.'
	 b"I'm actually thinking of taking Bioinformatics in Fall."
	 b"The last few years I've been doing some engineering courses- which I like, but I also fell in love with anatomy and physiology so I looked for some careers that mixed the two."
	 b"Molecular biology (as of right now) haha. That's really cool!"
	 b"I'm a girl. and that's cool! and yeah, until i decide my major i'll just take typical classes, see what i like, then go from there. i like sociology a lot, but i don't know what i'd do with that you know?"
	 b'I am going to join the geology club and maybe one more.'

Hub:        25
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.10928021371364594
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh. That sucks.'
	 b'oh bummer.'
	 b"Ouch! That's too bad."
	 b"Oh, that's unfortunate."
	 b'Hmm. That sucks. Kind of messed up.'
	 b'Aw sorry that kinda sucks...'
	 b'that sucks!!! I have a few of those right now.'
	 b'ahhh. bummer. probably a blessing in disguise.'

Hub:        26
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.20504730939865112
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh that was really good sorry. Wow. YEah. Have you ever had carne Asada fries? It is like one of my favorite foods.'
	 b'I guess i could manage with the desserts, or the quesadillas. I had a burrito from costa once and practically avoided it.'
	 b'lol. have you ever had jollof rice,fried plantains and chicken. its a Nigerian dish though, but its super amazing.'
	 b"There was a fried chicken episode and for the most expensive fried chicken, the chef put out small tortillas, caviar, and the fried chicken. They pretty much just made a taco and ate it. It didn't look all that good but I think it probably tasted like heaven."
	 b"Yes. and if you ever go there, get the soft shell crab salad. It's the best I ever tried."
	 b'hmm maybe...ok have you ever been to in n out?'
	 b'Sorry i am eating some carne Acadia fries.'
	 b'shawarma, its kinda like a burrito, but slightly different. you didnt do chemistry? did you still look up Jollof rice?'

Hub:        27
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.11844531446695328
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah. that would be really bad.'
	 b'Yeah that would suck.'
	 b'that would be very bad.'
	 b'Oh. That would ruin everything.'
	 b'That might work there could be a few complications with that. oh boy.'
	 b'And i would be okay with that too, and yeah, it would make sense.'
	 b'No. That would be horrid.'
	 b'Yeah, that would be like a second misson.'

Hub:        28
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.1589803323149681
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah i wish i would have time in the summer but im going to be working a lot so i feel like that's all i will be doing."
	 b"i feel that. I'm ready for summer so I actually have time to do stuff lol. I'll be working and taking a college class, but at least I'll have a little more free time."
	 b"sounds like a plan! I'm going home too and if I can find any work in between now and when I leave I'll probably be doing that too."
	 b"yeah im hoping to have enough so i don't have to work while im there."
	 b"Yeah Ive thought about doing it this year but I just didn't have the time really."
	 b"Yeah! It's been a bit huh. I was debating if I should give up haha. I've been pushed back a few spots and I'm starting to work so I won't really have time."
	 b"Oh gosh. I actually haven't thought about it lol. I'm moving from a small town, so it'll take some adjusting. I'll probably start just working second semester. Are you planning on doing anything?"
	 b'yeah the travel takes all day, and its like I am on completely different schedule time wise.'

Hub:        29
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.13053474575281143
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yep I prefer it over Android so I\xe2\x80\x99ve just always stuck with iPhones.'
	 b'There\xe2\x80\x99s just so many different kinds of android phones but overall I feel like none of them are built quite as well as iPhones are.'
	 b'same, i feel like androids have a better rep, but I just prefer iphones.'
	 b'Android, but not by choice. I have a moto g, which works fine.'
	 b'Yeah. I used to like pc. But honestly the phone won me over. And I like apple better now.'
	 b'Yes, I have a samsung, which is basically android.'
	 b'Yeah. I have never used an android. But I don\xe2\x80\x99t like how glitchy some phones can be and I have never known apple to be like that.'
	 b'Well I have an I phone X so I have kind of invested in it deep.'

Hub:        30
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.1815492883324623
Sample Utterances:
	 b'interesting. I like to socialize with people that I like and am comfortable with but I am totally fine being by myself and doing things myself haha.'
	 b"Yeah I am an introvert and I think it's cool to have random days."
	 b"I like being around people. I'm not the most outgoing person."
	 b"I'm a bit introverted so i might enjoy myself for the first little bit....but then i would go insane from lack of human interaction so yeah your right haha. You're*\xf0\x9f\x98\xb6."
	 b"im an intro extrovert'. im totally fine being by myself. but I enjoy my close friends and family. ocean or mountains?"
	 b'yeah, people make life fun and enjoyable. and we would have no one to talk to. or have fun with. things are less enjoyable if we have no one to do it with.'
	 b'same! It takes me a long time to be comfortable with people.'
	 b"It's not like anybody decides the rules about hermits. According to me, I am the only hermit in existence, and so what ever I do I can claim is perfectly normal. behavior for a hermit."

Hub:        31
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.17454741150140762
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahahaha. you are funny.'
	 b'youre funny.'
	 b'oh that is kind of funny because I think you are being humorous. but sad at the same time.'
	 b'You\xe2\x80\x99d make a really funny one!'
	 b"Haha that's funny. You're pretty brave haha."
	 b'Haha making fun of your dialogue.'
	 b'good one! rant away.'
	 b'hahaha console bagel life. you are funny.'

Hub:        32
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.17495613545179367
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oooohhh interesting. That ties into a lot of the soul stone stuff from the comics - maybe they're all trapped in there and the avengers that are left are gonna have to sacrifice someone to release. the entire HALF of the universe that got snapped."
	 b'Right. He died in like a second. They have to come back. There are a few theories. A lot of  them based on the original comics.'
	 b'I think that they will. Thanos was really upset about losing his daughter. My guess is that he will turn back everything to get her back. ANd then they will be able to beat him.'
	 b'Although, marvel is following the comics pretty closely thus far? And apparently stuff get REALLY WEIRD in the comics? So I need to get my hands on the comics sometime! BRO YOU RIGHT. ugh. but if they sacrifice someone??? Its going to be someone of the avengers. because theyre not going to sacrifice just ANYONE. ugh that will break my poor fragile heart even more :,(.'
	 b'Remember when Quicksilver dying was the most dramatic part of the MCU? Now half the universe is gone...'
	 b'Also all of the original avengers are left, so since the soul stone is probably going to require a mass sacrifice to bring back everyone, I have a bad feeling about this.'
	 b'Its entirely possible that they dont bring them back. Like miles moralis could replace peter parker, and starhawks team could be the new guardians.'
	 b'No, don\'t be sorry! I wish these text boxes would let me type more! UGH LOKI KILLED ME. OK- "Disappearing" so, what I think happened was that the people who did disappear, are. in some other dimension? You know how Doctor Strange (My baby) could see different outcomes, and like different dimensions? SO thats what im thinking?'

Hub:        33
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.15709513425827026
Sample Utterances:
	 b"that's an ice cream flavor?"
	 b'it\xe2\x80\x99s weird but it makes it more like ice cream. \xf0\x9f\xa4\xb7\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc\xe2\x80\x8d\xe2\x99\x80\xef\xb8\x8f\xf0\x9f\xa4\xb7\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc\xe2\x80\x8d\xe2\x99\x80\xef\xb8\x8f.'
	 b'Ice cream. Caviar ice cream is no bueno.'
	 b'It depends on the ice cream.'
	 b'They gave me ice cream because they understood how tasty it is.'
	 b'And it turns into ice cream instead of a smoothie?'
	 b'Oh sweet. Was it you that made the coconut ice cream?'
	 b'It is jelly on the inside. Jelly bean.'

Hub:        34
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.16225655376911163
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah scarlet witch is my fav girl avenger.'
	 b"Scarlet Witch is pretty awesome, but I don't know if the Guardians of the Galaxy now count as avengers."
	 b'Yeah i cant wait for wonder woman.'
	 b"That seems fair enough. I'll take Scarlet Witch or Gamora (pre-Infinity War). Speaking of spider-suits, do you remember Karen from Homecoming?"
	 b'Scarlet Witch. You?'
	 b'Haha that was a test. Wonder woman isnt marvel but you passed so you good.'
	 b'Yeah, she is, but like X-Men have used Quicksilver and so has Marvel, so some characters are sort of shared depending on contracts.'
	 b'I like the girlfriend to Jarvis and the Hulk and Loki.'

Hub:        35
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.1506476104259491
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I mean that's not my actual name haha. My initials."
	 b"It doesn't at all haha. But those are my initials."
	 b'Haha no, my name is only 3 letters long so..'
	 b'well lets think. it is related to my first name.'
	 b'oh wow that is close to my initials.'
	 b"It's my last name. Yes, I know what you're thinking, and yes, I am 100% related to lavar ball."
	 b'Oh yeah haha my names actually romeo, sorry.'
	 b'literally my last name and first two initials. privacy. yea.... imma get so many stalkers now.'

Hub:        36
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.08322363346815109
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thats a good question.'
	 b"That's a good question."
	 b'Huh good question.'
	 b'That is also a really good question.'
	 b'That is an interesting question.'
	 b'Hmmmm this is a good question.'
	 b"that's what they're asking."
	 b'That would be a good question. What is yours?'

Hub:        37
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.10152838379144669
Sample Utterances:
	 b'How are you?'
	 b'how are you?'
	 b'How are you.'
	 b'Ok. How are you?'
	 b'How are ya!?'
	 b'A real person! How are you?'
	 b'how are you. im shaw.'
	 b".....I don't like this question. well on a less disconcerting note, how are you?"

Hub:        38
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.20637314021587372
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha. Yeah I don't eat all the ice cream that I could, which is definitely a good thing."
	 b'Haha yeah once its your routine its actually really easy. Wait what ice cream thing??'
	 b'yeah true. and I cant eat it without a drink. its so sticky.'
	 b"Haha well. That's good. I've just eaten like a doughnut."
	 b'oh my gosh i could live off smoothies if i had to.'
	 b'Its fine, I took it as a sign and now I am just eating ice cream.'
	 b'Since August. I\xe2\x80\x99ve been eating ice cream since I was a few months old, though.'
	 b"AHH. well looks like ya girl is just gon get a box of truffles. which is not bad. it'll satisfy the inner fat kid in me."

Hub:        39
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.11964405328035355
Sample Utterances:
	 b'bye.'
	 b'Bye!'
	 b'YOu too! Bye!'
	 b'k bye!'
	 b'Ok. Goodbye.'
	 b'Adios!'
	 b'you leaving?'
	 b'bye forever prop. hello.'

Hub:        40
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.135386124253273
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah. Do you know what you want to major in?'
	 b'Yeah! What do you want to major in?'
	 b'do you have any idea what you want to major in yet?'
	 b'wow!  that is so unique!  do you know what you want to major in?'
	 b"Very fun :) Do you know what you want to major in? (it's okay if you don't)(most people don't)."
	 b'Um it\xe2\x80\x99s definitely not my favorite, but it\xe2\x80\x99s good to know so I can get to some of the more exciting stuff in economics. So what do you want to do after you graduate?'
	 b'thats nice at least. be a lot easier to focus on one thing. do you know what youd want to go into?'
	 b"oooh. that is really cool! ok well I am in the technology field so I can't give you any specific advice on that major but I can give you some generals class advice."

Hub:        41
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.15596197545528412
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Ah california, so cool!! I'm from Tennessee! and yes! I'll be a freshman at BYU this fall! And I've actually chatted with a few people that are in different years at BYU."
	 b'Dang, exceeds word choice. Nice work. I am from Portland, I am a freshman here at BYU and I will be serving a mission in Tonga this summer!'
	 b'that is so cool!  i\xe2\x80\x99m going to be a freshman as well, but i am from southern utah.'
	 b'Of course!! Thank you! I hope to find you somewhere at BYU next year!'
	 b'Haha no I applied to Rexburg as well but chose Provo.'
	 b"No way! I've met 3 other people from Texas from BYU!! Which part?"
	 b'lol. im in a byu snap group. they just randomly added me. and like all of them going in summer.'
	 b"no but maybe in probo. provo. i am in southern utah right now. so I really don't even know how to get to the theater."

Hub:        42
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.1397610604763031
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Math is in general.'
	 b'math is cool too.'
	 b'Yes. Math is used everywhere.'
	 b'Math is a good subject it is used in so many fields.'
	 b'yeah I know. It is kind of interesting though. It is supposed to be like multidimensional math.'
	 b'Math.'
	 b'Yeah I suck at math.'
	 b'It will make it better, and yeah. Math is great, because logic. but bad because work.'

Hub:        43
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.10351500660181046
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh definitely. What kind of music do you like to listen to?'
	 b"That's great!! So what kind of music do you listen to?"
	 b"No? That's alright. What sort of music do you listen to generally?"
	 b'What kind of music do you like listening to?'
	 b"Awesome!! it's on my list of things to see!! What type of music do you like to listen to??"
	 b'Yeah I just killed two so I just made the world a slightly less gross place. What kind of music do you listen to?'
	 b'I mean I\xe2\x80\x99m listening to it right now. How about you what are you listening to.'
	 b"Haha I'm gonna try but sometimes I'm way too tired haha. So what kind of music do you like."

Hub:        44
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.14593864977359772
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ooooo im not going to byu till end of august. ive never even been on campus. been to utah just never byu.'
	 b'Yes I go to BYU. Okay I am pretty confused too.'
	 b'I know! I like because I kind of get a glimpse of BYU culture before I\xe2\x80\x99m there.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m talking about at byu. lol.'
	 b'Yea I\xe2\x80\x99m really looking forward to attending BYU. I\xe2\x80\x99m really looking forward to the religion classes too. I\xe2\x80\x99ve never taken a religion class before other than semianry. *seminary.'
	 b'Oh i am going up to Utah tomorrow so I can get my BYU ID card on monday.'
	 b'to utah and especially byu because i could hang out with guys and have guy friends without it being a problem.'
	 b'Last year one of the young women from my ward went, but other than that I don\xe2\x80\x99t know many people. Do you plan to join any clubs at BYU?'

Hub:        45
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.15244730561971664
Sample Utterances:
	 b'psh nah. I am only doing this for the macbook to use as an upgrade for myself.'
	 b"Like, that if I didn't win the macbook I would get something else."
	 b'I honestly didnt think I would get the macbook, I just did it for the fun chats.'
	 b"im pretty crazy. this comp is driving me insane but I've invested too much time in this. to not get the macbook."
	 b'I have a macbook air and it only has 4gb of ram.'
	 b"You know, im not much of a techy to be honest. I have a macbook air that's like 5  years old and an Iphone 6s that I think work great! however, I get frustrated becuase there doesnt even seem to be enough icloud storage."
	 b'Thats probably true. Anyway, I gotta go to my job, goodluck winning that macbook.'
	 b'thanks for the cheer! I need it and the macbook pro hahaha. my laptop broke winter semester hahaha.'

Hub:        46
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.05824187397956848
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey. How is it going?'
	 b'Hey! How is it going?'
	 b'Hey. How is it going.'
	 b'Hey there. How is it going?'
	 b'How is it going?'
	 b'Haha hey. How is it going?'
	 b'Hey abedo, its been a long time how is it going man?'
	 b'Hey how is it going?4.'

Hub:        47
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.15768300741910934
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Spiderman, because he has a healthy combination of powers that make him awesome and versatile but not overpowering like Superman.'
	 b'superman himself. i would get all of the powers.'
	 b'like batman? or the green lantern movie? i love super man. hes so american.'
	 b"They guy who plays Superman, or Superman himself (because he's a real person of course)."
	 b'because on he is from Iron Man and two he becomes a super hero that is super powerful.'
	 b'Probably SpongeBob, the dude has super powers. I mean he is practically invincible for crying out loud!!!'
	 b'I have a secret obsession with Spider-Man. He\xe2\x80\x99s basically the greatest hero of all time.'
	 b'I would want super speed. After watching Quicksilver in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Flash in The Flash TV show, it just seems cool.'

Hub:        48
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.135017491877079
Sample Utterances:
	 b'do you speak any other languages?'
	 b'yeah man, do you speak any other languages ?'
	 b'do you speak another language? besides code ;).'
	 b'are you fluent.'
	 b'do you want to learn a language?'
	 b'Very true! Lots of room for souvenirs too. Do you speak German or any other languages?'
	 b'Is there another language that is spoken there are mainly good old English?'
	 b'Holy guac! Can you speak one of those 100+ languages?'

Hub:        49
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.0
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hello?'
	 b'hello!'
	 b'Hello.'
	 b'hello?'
	 b'Hello...?'
	 b'Hello!'
	 b'hello". ?'
	 b'hello!!!'

Hub:        50
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.1290326714515686
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha im not sure.'
	 b'i dont know lol.'
	 b'Haha I have no idea.'
	 b'Haha they provavly dont know.'
	 b"I don't know much about D & d."
	 b'ummm i honestly can\xe2\x80\x99t think of something off the top of my head but i know there is something haha.'
	 b"I don't know. I can't make decisions. hahaha ;)."
	 b"Wait can't I keep guessing??"

Hub:        51
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.02113303542137146
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Really?'
	 b'REally?!'
	 b'really?'
	 b'really!?'
	 b'really.'
	 b'Really.'
	 b'Oh really?'
	 b'omggg really.'

Hub:        52
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.09090256690979004
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So are you going to BYU?'
	 b'Are you already going to BYU?'
	 b'So are you going to BYU in the fall?'
	 b"So you're a junior at byu then?"
	 b'well you are going to Utah pretty soon right? for BYU.'
	 b"is he going to BYU too?'."
	 b'so did you come out to byu and check it out before you decided to come here?'
	 b'Cool is your cousin going to Byu too.'

Hub:        53
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.14572697132825851
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thats a great reason. I love that. I love the mountains too. Theres more to do in the mountains. you just dont ahve the waves of the ocean or the sandy beaches.'
	 b'the mountains are definitely very pretty. I love the mountains because it offers so much. Gives us animals, the woods, the water and lakes and so many activities you can do.'
	 b'I love the mountains, tends to invite solitude. I feel like people congregate at the beach and the ocean. Plus the mountains are peaceful, whereas the ocean is unpredictable.'
	 b'Yeah I understand. It is. I agree with you. So would you rather go to the mountains or the beach?'
	 b'oh my goodnesss. me too. although I like the mountains more.'
	 b'That sounds so fun! St. George is always a good time. Have you ever been boating outside of Utah? I feel like the lakes are sooo much nicer I like California and other places.'
	 b'True. I also think mountains are more beautiful in my opinion.'
	 b"I didn't want to go for a long time just because I'm not a big fan of the beach. but there seems to be a lot of cool stuff that I could really appreciate in Hawaii."

Hub:        54
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.17626936733722687
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I really appreciate when the teachers and professors really apply their experience to the benefit and success of their students. my physics professor was fantastic at that.'
	 b'Oh I am sure, It is really rewarding to see in your own teaching the impact it can have on someone. I havent been disappointed with  my professors at all this semester. They. really all have been fantastic. One in particular really loved to teach and you can totally tell. In the class of a couple hundred he took time to talk to the students and. learn their names. I was so impressed. And he always took time to answer questions and help people understand the different topics.'
	 b'I help as a teaching assistant, and I find that it can be very easy for a professor to really lose track of how much they can effect people because we all want and need that. confirmation to keep going and to keep the  passion. Especially after so many years.'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s always possible. That is why I have come to love rate my professor. It makes choosing classes and professors a bit less scary.'
	 b'When a professor inspires me, I really try to let them know the impact they had on me. Because I really do appreciate it. And I want them to know that. Because Im sure they can get so discouraged as teachers when the general majority dont try or dont listen.'
	 b"my school has a special education class. I was assigned to work as a teacher's aide in that class. I found that it was a lot of fun working with the students in that class."
	 b'I had a teacher once that thought i was the brightest student and he would vocally compare me to everyone.'
	 b'Have you admired any of your professors?'

Hub:        55
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.1802109032869339
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh frisbee is really fun too! Tennis also! I love soccer so much! I play whenever I can. Yeah I don't play basketball as much either."
	 b'I play tennis, or used to. But I like soccer and frisbee. im not a huge fan of basketball though.'
	 b"I love tennis and swimming! I've swam for my whole life and tennis is something relatively new that I've picked up. Playing instruments is fun too. You?"
	 b'I go all the time with my friends! It is a non stop challenge:) I also really love soccer.'
	 b'Free time? I am in the accounting junior core. I sleep in my free time. But I really enjoy basketball, I have been waking up early on occassion recently to be able to play some 3 on 3. It has been a blast. You into sports?'
	 b'yes she does. shes 11. i love watching her pla. i love sports. i can probably play any sport i focus my mind on, but i hate track.'
	 b'nice! the only tennis ive ever played is on wii sports lol.'
	 b"Haha yeah a lot of people think it's because of basketball but I am crap at basketball. Yeah I like to be busy. That's why school sucks right now is because I'm super un-busy so I just spend all my time on this chat thing hoping I'll win something."

Hub:        56
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.03348486125469208
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey whats up!'
	 b'hey whats up!'
	 b'Hey. Whats up?'
	 b'Hey!!!! Whats up!!'
	 b'Hey whats up.'
	 b'yo whats up.'
	 b"What's up homeslice???"
	 b'hey two chats haha whats up man.'

Hub:        57
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.18044870346784592
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I ... play ... video games. >_<.'
	 b"the same things excempt I don't play video games. except."
	 b'hahaha really? yeah I never get upset when I play video games.'
	 b'not really. I etierh play video games or am outside.'
	 b'I like to go on drives, play video games, read, paint, and draw.'
	 b"Dude, I love to read too! I also love to write, watch netfilx, and play video games. (I know it's not often to run into a gamer girl)."
	 b'Have to tone it down when I play games with friends.'
	 b"It's hard. But that person takes care of people with disabilities, and play games with them, watch tv with them, and a lot of video games apparently."

Hub:        58
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.15736957639455795
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh yeah that is gross.'
	 b'Yeah no. that is gross. I am sorry.'
	 b'yuck.'
	 b'hahaha sounds disgusting.'
	 b"That is so gross, thank you. That's really disgusting."
	 b'like gross and wrong.'
	 b'Sappy is gross.'
	 b'Oh, yeah that is super uncomfortable.'

Hub:        59
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.21974651515483856
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha she's pretty cool but I don't know enough about her. I just know she had a TV show and then came out. The stuff she does now is pretty generous."
	 b"Yeah I've seen her, she's amazing!"
	 b'Yeah I went to her lecture recently and got her autograph haha!'
	 b'haha  shes pretty awesome. I like her music too.'
	 b"Yeah that's true. She and I were in a group project which is why I remember her."
	 b"She even got stuff done in that tower - reading, painting, playing, etc. You've gotta have a pretty strong ambition and positivity to not be completely crushed by that upbringing. And she was super caring. I mean yeah it's all fake Disney but you gotta hand it to her haha."
	 b'Oh yeah... I mean I have no doubt they are amazing series... my roommate is obsessed with them, she knows literally everything.'
	 b'Exactly! It even got her her own tv show. Same to you. Best of luck!'

Hub:        60
Percentage: % 0.04
Dispersion: 0.1499740183353424
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I did. But I was less interested in it than I have been in other books. I don't have as much time to read fantasy books these days."
	 b'I love sciecne fiction, fantasy and just teen novels in general. I haven\xe2\x80\x99t read a lot recently.'
	 b"Mrgh, I know! Too many books. I borrowed a book from a friend and at the beginning at the end of last year and I've read about 10 pages of it. I get distracted by other books."
	 b"I just started realizing that I like sci fi books so I haven't read too many. There just...a very different envieonement. *environment."
	 b"It's called Dragonwatch. I have read a couple of artemis foul. I just never had a library with the complete series."
	 b'Uh, I dont read many books. after hw id rather not.'
	 b"Does't matter to me since mine happened last month. lols. I moved into a bigger place. Favorite book series?"
	 b'No not really. I used to read really big novels though. like eragon and twilight. and fable haven those are some example. examples. I got a lot of flack for reading twilight.'

Hub:        61
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.17985658134732926
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha. just cause. I kind of know him.'
	 b"Haha yep:) He's a pretty cool guy."
	 b'haha he is a pretty cool guy though. i guess you did not need to know his name though.'
	 b'yes. i served 2013-2015. oh man if i know him i am going to freak.'
	 b'Yeah pretty far apparently. Oh interesting I may have met him once but I could see how that\xe2\x80\x99s a guy.'
	 b'yeah I found him on facebook.'
	 b'"Thanks to twig, some random guy on the internet that I spoke with once.".'

Hub:        62
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.10423403126852852
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh that is so cool.'
	 b'ooh. that is so cool.'
	 b'Oh that is way cool.'
	 b'haha i think that is so cool.'
	 b'yay!!!! so cool!'
	 b'Woah. That is quite the gift.'
	 b'What the heck that is so cool. Please stand by while I take notes.'

Hub:        63
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.15642220633370535
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Well... on the classes I was taking had so many tough projects and I was taking like 16 credits on one semester and 15 on the other and it was just killer. I hope I don't get. to do that ever again but looks like I might next semester......"
	 b'Yeah I just want to get them over with so I can get a good grade in the classes.'
	 b'I took that a bit ago and it was a really hard class..... I needed a passing grade and in order to  get a passing grade I just needed to get 2 of the like 30 questions right.'
	 b"four of em. i think i'm going to probably get two a's and two c's in the end. ironically i'm going to get an A in two of the hardest and most failed classes on campus, and then c's in classes i need for my degree."
	 b'yeah! I havent done really anything all semester so i figured it was about time.'
	 b'Yeah it was worth it. I didnt have to study past that except for an occasional study group with other people.'
	 b"Oh, gosh, isn't that true. I ended up dropping three credits. So, I mean, 15.0 credits ain't terrible. But . . . heh, I was so bored. I think I'll ramp it up to 18 again."

Hub:        64
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.16778967210224696
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah:). I kind of just want to get into a relationship for the experience, and he seems like a really nice guy, but we'll see what happens. I'll text you how the date goes."
	 b"I don't know, but I am going on a date, and it's going to be great. I hope. that's a good point. It seems like he's the type to care, but I don't feel like I know him well enough yet."
	 b"Oooh girl. And what did you say? No, I've been wanting to ask him, now that it's been a couple weeks what he's thinking. I've felt I don't know, more weird around other guys I guess. So I don't think I'm really ready to even date other people. But last night we just kinda talked about cruise and jobs. I think he's planning on coming to visit for a day in like two weeks though."
	 b"Yes I will TOTALLY do that. That's a wonderful idea. And I'm actually a girl haha I asked him on the date."
	 b"Yeah, I was thinking one date and then nothing more on that guy. Tim hasn't messaged me in a while."
	 b"guess its a good way to get to know people really well. lol. I should tell my single friend about this. maybe he'll get a date outta it."
	 b"Also, about the other guy, he was one that I swiped up on, but didn't really like that much? and after messaging him a bit I still don't like him a ton."

Hub:        65
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.08179991585867745
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What are you up to?'
	 b'what are you up to?'
	 b'Hi what are you up to?'
	 b'what have you been up to?'
	 b'hahaha. great moview. what are you up to right? now ?'
	 b'what is that what you are doing right at this very moment?'
	 b"What's on your schedule for today?"

Hub:        66
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.15986021075929915
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You seen the new avengers movie?'
	 b'I want to see it sooo bad. Haha I understand that feeling. Have you seen the new avengers.'
	 b"Oh! Have you seen Avengers? I thought you didn't watch tv though."
	 b'have you seen his latest appearence in the Marvel movie Infinity War?'
	 b'movie pass. you gonna see the new avengers?'
	 b"Have you seen Avengers: Age of Ultron?  Because that's what I'm picturing about 2 computers talking to each other..."
	 b'Did you watch the live action movie they did?'

Hub:        67
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.12026769774300712
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wow that is interesting.'
	 b'wow interesting.'
	 b'Interesting, interesting.'
	 b'That is a very detailed description.'
	 b'Wow that is an interesting progression actually!'
	 b"That's not as interesting as I'd hoped for, but, still okay."
	 b'So i would count it as one. Oh well that is interesting.'

Hub:        68
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.10796648263931274
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah. He's great."
	 b'He is AMAZING.'
	 b"He's good haha."
	 b"Yeah, he's great fun."
	 b'YES. He is HILARIOUS.'
	 b'HE IS GOOD.'
	 b'yeah thats is true! I also love his personality.'

Hub:        69
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.2154929552759443
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I also really enjoyed it.'
	 b'YES I LOVED IT.'
	 b"Yeah it's a little weird but I liked it. I was in the pit."
	 b'It wasnt too bad in the end but a good story. It was really cool to go through them.'
	 b'Both were quite fun in my opinion, however one was just a bit more emotionally draining than the other haha.'
	 b"Me too. The beginning looks like they were high but it's good."
	 b'I really enjoyed IS 201.'

Hub:        70
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.18410523448671615
Sample Utterances:
	 b'same i just want to focus on school for at least the first year lol.'
	 b'ahhh I feel you there. Well after being so busy for 2 school semesters I think this day of doing nothing feels really good haha.'
	 b"that's totally ok. we all have time and need to make the choice in what we want to do with our lives. It's all good. I'm in high school too right now."
	 b'Haha yeah good luck with the move and starting school and all that jazz lol.'
	 b'me too man. this semester was hell for me.'
	 b'Same, so same! There is no way on planet earth that I could go to school year around here. I would probably go completely crazy or something! Two semesters at a time is plenty enough for me!'
	 b'Me neither. Hopefully a couple more years in school will help me figure it out.'

Hub:        71
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.13834174190248763
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yep, three months! what are your plans for the summer?'
	 b'so what are you going to do until june 4th?'
	 b'What are your plans in the works?'
	 b'yup! Do you have fun plans for this summer?'
	 b"So it's the last day, what are your goals for this?"
	 b'gotcha. what are your plans for the summer besides working for a car.'
	 b'how do you plan to spend those couple months?'

Hub:        72
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.18283823558262416
Sample Utterances:
	 b'his name is andrew.'
	 b'It was JIV I think. His first names john.'
	 b'oh yeah thats his name.'
	 b'That really was the question until the day he was born. his name is connor.'
	 b'you call him matt!'
	 b'okay his name is Richard Hunter. he either served 13-15 or 14-16.'
	 b'Its a boy.'

Hub:        73
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1564589057649885
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ha ha no kidding right if I was named Betsy I would probably flip out because not only is a kind of a bad name but I\xe2\x80\x99m also a guy but if I knew someone named Betsy oh man.'
	 b'Haha yeah anyone with the name bessie has parents who hate them.'
	 b"when I was little I wanted my name to be Kaitlyn but now I don't like that name. My full name is a last name and my last name is a first name which I actually really life. **like."
	 b"Earlier you asked about names.  I don't know what I would rename myself.  It seems so much harder than giving your kid names because you're the one stuck with it!"
	 b'really? I know like 5 girls at my school with the same name but usually spelled different.'
	 b'Haha if a dude was named bessie I would feel so bad.'
	 b'"other name: Chris-mas Carol" oh my gosh XD.'

Hub:        74
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.20893262113843644
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha thanks:) who knows maybe i\xe2\x80\x99ll do something like that.'
	 b'Hahaha thanks. Ill try my best.'
	 b"Haha thanks! I'm just going as a volunteer thing. And to make sure my sister doesn't have some accident. lol Should be fun."
	 b'thank you. I really do too because it would be such a great opportunity.'
	 b"Thanks :D. I almost used my regular username and was like, oops, I shouldn't do that. It's very much identifying."
	 b"My goal is a million more haha. I don't know how doable it is."
	 b"Haha yeah... I'm probably not the best to ask with that stuff... my roommates would probably know all that stuff though. Haha thanks:)."

Hub:        75
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.11702386822019305
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Mostly piano, I do play a little ukelele.'
	 b"I love classical, I play piano and i sing lol. No it's fine haha."
	 b'Mostly with my voice, not as much on piano. Do you like to improvise, then?'
	 b"Well, I started off on the guitar when I was in elementary school and ended up playing guitar in jazz band in middle school. When I got to high school they needed a bassist. It's pretty similar in some ways, and I ended up liking the bass better and here I am. But yeah, it's really fun. hbu with the piano?"
	 b'100% in :). Im not good at dancing though, i can already juggle, and i play the guitar and sing;).'
	 b'I do piano, violin, and ukulele.'
	 b"Not a lot. I'll probably go out for a run later today and practice the piano and guitar."

Hub:        76
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.11359941959381104
Sample Utterances:
	 b'its alright. do you have any fun weekend plans?'
	 b'So any fun plans this weekend?'
	 b"Yep:) It's a good day! How about you? Any fun plans for today/."
	 b'eh its fine. Do you have any exciting plans for this week.'
	 b'I just have work and a road trip! What about you?'
	 b'Yeah. So what are you up to this fine weekend? Any partying that will commence?'
	 b"I've gotten to take some really fun trips so it's okay.  How about you?"

Hub:        77
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1533871122768947
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh wow.... college is really hard sometimes.'
	 b'yeah college is pretty hard sometimes but you have to get through it.'
	 b'College is better than High School.'
	 b"I'm already tired in High school and college is harder."
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99ve changed my mind so many times on my major but that\xe2\x80\x99s what college for.'
	 b'Is it sad I cant think of anything? I learned a bunch as school? Thats a good thing.'
	 b'Ah. I see. Just graduate?'

Hub:        78
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.20349178995404923
Sample Utterances:
	 b'that is the essence of true friendship.'
	 b'"great friend".'
	 b'LOL true. that is the meaning of true friendship bOOOYYSS.'
	 b'I think we would probably be friends if this wasnt so anonymous.'
	 b'Like a true hermit.'
	 b"If my best friend does not know about this,  I don't know I should share it with other people."
	 b"True. They're solid words to live by. Gratitude is important."

Hub:        79
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.16284317629677908
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i mean it was kinda close when i lived in san diego but i live in utah now sooo. i moved here 6 years ago so i hardly get the chance to go.'
	 b'i moved to utah when i was 17 and ive been living here off and on for a while now.'
	 b'Same but with Provo. I\xe2\x80\x99ve never been but that\xe2\x80\x99s why I\xe2\x80\x99m coming now.'
	 b'And there have been 7 kids who have grown up here. Im going provo, family to NY.'
	 b"I lived south of campus and that was nice. I was enough away that I didn't feel like I was automatically pinned as a Freshman, but close enough I could walk everywhere. Seriously, any questions you have, I'd LOVE to help :). Or did you mean where I originally am from? I'm from Utah, but I had to move because my parents lived 30 minutes away. Plus, I was an RM when I started, so being almost 21 I didn't want to live with my fam haha."
	 b"interesting thing about Dallas. I've never been to texas, so I dont really have an set opnion about it."
	 b"Well, I haven't done much in my life, and abq nm."

Hub:        80
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.16952885048730032
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am so impressed by people who dont need alarm clocks. I like sorta get that but I wake up around the same time, I just fall back asleep because I dont get out of bed.'
	 b'I would like the waves, too. Unless they are too crashy, then I would feel I Am in a shipwreck. Then again, I would get out of bed super fast. I do not like alarm clocks eithe. I have gotten to the point where I do not need one to wake up when I want to, but on days where I need to get up earlier, they are still not my favorite.'
	 b'I like it. Sometimes I fall asleep in ways that are uncomfortable so I am garunteed to wake up.'
	 b'Wait.  I said no to the alarm clock when it went off this morning at 4:30 am.  But only for 30 minutes.  It was so nice.'
	 b"XD you'd be my step mom's best friend. I can't stand alarms. I litterally wake up before my alarm and turn it off before I have to hear it. But my sister is right next to me making 3 alarms and continuously hitting snooze on each one! Wlhat song would you say best sums you up?"
	 b'I used to not be that way, but since I got married, we have set a goal to get more sleep. Turns out if you get to sleep around the same time each night, your body will get acc. A costumed to it and will wake you up when you need it. If you keep the same habit for a while, you will actually need an hour less of sleep each day!'
	 b'Hahaha, I agree I would prefer the sound of crashing waves. But in general I am a little biased against alarm clocks. I always get so annoyed with them because they all eventually are so repetitive.'

Hub:        81
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1444249493735177
Sample Utterances:
	 b'How did you even do that.'
	 b'Wow how did you do that?'
	 b'yes. but how did you get in to it?'
	 b'How do you do that?'
	 b'lol what the heck how did you even get added.'
	 b'What did you do?'
	 b'How in the heck do you connect everything.'

Hub:        82
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1365487916128976
Sample Utterances:
	 b'well you are the only one I have talked to in a bit.'
	 b'You are probably the one i have talked to the most though.'
	 b'i have talked to you before!'
	 b"...you know I've talked to so many people I'm not even sure anymore."
	 b'Oh I have met quite a few.'
	 b'Well then you are the third person I\xe2\x80\x99ve talked to about it.'
	 b'I have talked with them.'

Hub:        83
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.10605019330978394
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love marvel movies.'
	 b'Dont even get me started on Marvel Movies man.'
	 b'why marvel. you cant say because their movies are better.'
	 b'im stoked. I love the Marvel movies. they are doing such a great job. DC or Marvel?'
	 b'i do wanna see the two latest marvel movies though, they look really good.'
	 b"Considering it made one billion faster than any other movie in all time, definitely. But I'm kinda biased because I love marvel movies."
	 b'what are marvel movies?'

Hub:        84
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1938785229410444
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeahhh!!! Haha first try! Haha I get pretty lucky sometimes.'
	 b"Oh, I'm just lucky getting it this often I guess hahaha."
	 b'haha first try. yeah same.'
	 b"Lucky! I can't catch stuff in general XD."
	 b'Ah nice I do that all the time. Haha yeah especially now that I need to keep my rank.'
	 b'Haha yeah I still need to get through my first burn.'
	 b"I don't think I can bring my score to adam or siratus's level in like 3 days haha."

Hub:        85
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.15931515182767594
Sample Utterances:
	 b'apple for now. Microsoft has its benefits but I like the cleanness of apple phones at least.'
	 b'APple for phones.'
	 b'yeah. I think it will take quite a while before it stops running apple software. What about you? Apple, Android, or Microsoft.'
	 b'apple for phones. microsoft for pc. because apple is so over priced when it comes to pc. its insane. 2300 for a laptop. for a desktop its like 5k.'
	 b'apple or microsoft?'
	 b"also can we appreciate the irony that this is for alexa ans they're rewarding us with apple products."
	 b'It is! So basically Apple people seem to put a lot more thought into the stuff they make.'

Hub:        86
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.12477332353591919
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I just finished my junior year.'
	 b'I just finished my third year.'
	 b'I just finished my senior year at my high school!!!'
	 b"I'm doing great. I am in CS, I just finished my sophomore year."
	 b"4 years haha I'm graduating in 9 days."
	 b'Nope! I just finished my fourth semester. technically I am a sophomore right now I think. Or I just finished that year.'
	 b"Social life took control of my gpa. That's dope."

Hub:        87
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.13610259975705827
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Forget the you. Oh well yeah and I mean my major is applied and computational mathematics. You have to take CS 142 which is the basic computing. Basically teaches you how to program in C++ which is the first time I\xe2\x80\x99ve ever been able to program and anything.'
	 b'Yep! I have some other programming classes within the physics department, though, like learning how to use Mathematica and Matlab.'
	 b'And I mean props to you if you are Computer science, but I took a few classes and it was more than enough.'
	 b'no applied and computational mathematics. there is a difference. my major is computer science and mathematics.'
	 b"No. I've taken CS classes but I'm not a CS major. Thank goodness."
	 b"Kind of. We had to do some pseudocode, which is like really simplified code, but it was in Java, and he taught us in Python. He said the graders would except Python, but we didn't even learn how to write the pseudocode for a lot of things."
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s all programming is is being so specific that a computer which is really stupid can understand. I\xe2\x80\x99m probably better at math though to be honest.'

Hub:        88
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.16094774859292166
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Lemon?! That is way to citrusy for me I\xe2\x80\x99m not really into sherbet or sweet tangy citrus flavored sort of ice cream\xe2\x80\x99s.'
	 b"but still kinda sweet. raspberry, strawberry, blueberry. All sooooo good. I don't know that i have a favorite."
	 b"I'm honestly not sure it even exists, haha. But lemon flavor Starbursts exist, and that's a crime against humanity."
	 b"Uhm, my one problem is that I love chocolate and so I love chocolate based flavors, but I'm reigning myself in. I have a spreadsheet with a list of flavors I have come up with. and tried. I use my friends and family to try it. Last week I made a coconut milk based ice cream that was a cherry garcia, aka cherry base with cherry chunks and dark chocolate chunks too."
	 b'I usually go for the MTN DEW flavors. hahaha. surprise.'
	 b'What is your favorite type of lemonade have you ever tried raspberry lemonade or do you just like the plane kind.'
	 b'hmmm , I would probably be more of a blue raspberry or a grape. the ones who always turn your tongue a different color.'

Hub:        89
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.17084383964538574
Sample Utterances:
	 b'And I don\xe2\x80\x99t have a laptop.'
	 b'But what about your laptop?'
	 b'never on the laptop no.'
	 b'On a laptop right now.'
	 b'but computers can be turned on a really long time! my laptop has been up for 33 days.'
	 b"umm i don't actually know any of the other prizes besides the laptop. do you?"
	 b'ha ha, neither does a PC. and they can read to you.'

Hub:        90
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.0793555634362357
Sample Utterances:
	 b'No i have not.'
	 b'no i have not.'
	 b'i have not.'
	 b"i haven't but i've heard of it."
	 b"No I haven't haha."
	 b'no i have not can you tell me about it.'
	 b'No i have not, they seem fun though.'

Hub:        91
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1773028884615217
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i really do not know that much about sushi.'
	 b"Those sushi were straight fire... It got me thinking, if those fifteen dollar sushi were so good and tasty, I can't imagine how good the sushi from the master could be."
	 b"It's one course and it's usually like 15-20 different nigiri or sashimi."
	 b"But sushi is such a simple food that it's almost more important to have technique on how to prepare the sushi rather than the quality. Don't get me wrong, the quality of the sushi matters but I think that technique for how to prepare it is even more crucial than the products that are inside it."
	 b'people from california are really prideful that their fish is so fresh and that everywhere else the sushi is trash.'
	 b'that does not seem that bad if he is the master of sushi.'
	 b'Flying Sumo. is that a sushi place?'

Hub:        92
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1307451469557626
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha like me?'
	 b'hahaha. we are the only ones on i guess haha.'
	 b"'HA. ME."
	 b'just between you and me friend. hahaha.'
	 b'Haha. I am pretty good at it.'
	 b"Haha sometimes I think people will think I'm crazy."
	 b'if only i were straight hahaha.'

Hub:        93
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1987060649054391
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Brooke is wildin.'
	 b'For real. Erica.'
	 b'Louise Hayes? Some kind of instrumentalist?'
	 b'Rebeca Lowe.'
	 b'Julia. Deafinitely not the same thing.'
	 b'In sabrina???'
	 b"Don't listen to Brooke."

Hub:        94
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.17497104406356812
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha yeah it was pretty entertaining, he was a beta fish also and you're right I totally thought that beta fish were supposed to live forever if you took care of them? Oh man poor guy! How old were you when you killed your beta fish? *kidding :)*. My parents aren't big animal people so they only let me get a fish when I turned 18. I'm not an animal person either I just wanted to get a fish because I could."
	 b"Yeah you'll definitely grow super close to the people you live with as you struggle through the same things together! What classes are you taking in the fall? Hahaha so I bought a fish my senior year and he was a super cute fish but you're not allowed to have fish in apartments so I left him home and had my siblings take care of him. Well my parents randomly decided to go to Europe and sent my siblings off to some cousins while they were in Europe but totally forgot about the fish and the fish died. Anyway my good friend from home who was also my roommate thought it was so sad that my fish had died that we had a funeral for it. But obviously we couldn't do anything with the actual fish so she made a fake fish out of toilet paper and we sang a song and said some eulogies and had a wake for the toilet. paper fish before flushing it down the toilet which is one of the most ridiculous things I've ever seen because the fish wasn't even real."
	 b'also they had two nurse sharks that people had bought for their home fish tanks thinking they were like goldfish and that they only grow to the size of the aquarium they are i. in which is not at all true and so as soon as the sharks were too big they would have to get rid of them. this place was basically a refuge for the aquarium animals that were. orphans. lol. so we went there because i requested to go and after we had done our certifications i asked my intructor to find the sharks for me so i could pet one. it was super super murky. that day because it was a little windy.'
	 b"That's the same with my parents, i mean i was thirteen, but they let me get a fish, i killed a supposably immortal fish, and we haven't had a pet yet so...lol."
	 b"Haha they must have thought you were very responsible...I can see why they aren't fans of any of your other siblings getting any more pets! Fish are way more high maintenance than you think they are going to be when you first start out, like you have to change their water and feed them and do all this random stuff. you never think of doing when you think about getting a fish."
	 b"haha oh my gosh, that is crazy, one time i had a fish, named bubbles, he was like only my second pet ever, but he was a beta which are supposed to live forever right? well i followed the rules on the feed especially for beta fish and i guess i over fed him, and he got constipated. so i fed him less and cured hum but he was so worn out from being constipated and all bloated that he died. I only had him for like two months so i wasn't super attached, and now it's just really funny to me."
	 b'my father had subjected me to at the very young age of 5. this was in high school so i was probably 18 years old because i remember i didnt live at home during the time i got. certified. so yeah once he found the shark he helped me descend to the side of it so that i could go up and pet the side of it.'

Hub:        95
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.0638637627874102
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah i guess.'
	 b'yeah i suppose.'
	 b'yeah. kind of.'
	 b'Yeah actually.'
	 b'uuhhh ya i guess.'
	 b'Yeah. Majorly.'
	 b'Yeah just randomly I guess.'

Hub:        96
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.18139913252421788
Sample Utterances:
	 b'No I haven\xe2\x80\x99t! I need to go see it too!'
	 b'No, haven\xe2\x80\x99t seen it.'
	 b'yes! only the once though, i need to rewatch it sometime.'
	 b'im going to see it next weekend if i get the chance.'
	 b'yeah i need to. i will probably wait for to come out on dvd since i hear that is will be soon.'
	 b'no.... but it already sounds good. I need to watch a lot more it sounds like.'
	 b'I havent. I have seen Sheer Madness and Lionking.'

Hub:        97
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.042812977518354146
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah it is.'
	 b'yeah it is.'
	 b'yeah it is!!'
	 b'Yeah it is!'
	 b'Indeed it is.'
	 b'Yeah. It seems like it.'
	 b'its half of it yeah.'

Hub:        98
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.16579629693712508
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ha. Punny.'
	 b'HA HA THAT IS A GREAT FLIPPING PUN!'
	 b'oh was that a bad pun or a good one.'
	 b'Hahah puns of damage.'
	 b'That was some nice alliteration haha.'
	 b"wow. some people just don't get the punny nature of us."
	 b"That's good. You're the horse breaker."

Hub:        99
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.18355200120380946
Sample Utterances:
	 b'memes! hahaha I love that.'
	 b'Hahaha! I love it! Sorry, but memes are life.'
	 b"It's so immensely stupid and so funny. And Jimmy neutron memes are so funny."
	 b'they are great. what are you favorite memes these days?'
	 b'Haha yeah. The gru memes have killed me lately \xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'
	 b'The rage dancing memes were so good!'
	 b'where else would I get my dank memes?'

Hub:        100
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1940754566873823
Sample Utterances:
	 b'And I think all dancing is great! You don\xe2\x80\x99t have to be profesional to have a good time!'
	 b'I also love to dance, but I could be much better haha.'
	 b"Well...I'm good at sports, art, and I like being in front of people making them laugh. I love dancing too. But I'm not a professional dancer or anything."
	 b"We don't have many dances where I live but when we do..it's Soo much fun. And not many people. The dances are mostly people from my ward."
	 b"Being indoors studying all the time isn't the best health practice. That's why God created summers, to recover physically. Yeah, she knows some ballroom as well, so we go dancing every so often. Have you ever been swing dancing? Heck, have you ever been dancing?"
	 b'Yeah and the polys know how to dance and party. They know how to have a good time. heloo.'
	 b'ya you should get better friends. is it about whips? or like rodeo stuff?'

Hub:        101
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.17604414054325648
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I really like just making things in general and I love cooking for other people. Pasta dishes are a safe bet.'
	 b'hahahaha. one day ill invite you haha. I love to cook and I really like to cook for other people.'
	 b'I would appreciate that a lot! Haha. No I need to make dinner at some point for my parents. they are too busy to usually cook.'
	 b'I usually like cooking italian dishes of some sort. They are fun. Or egg plan parmesan. Or something with shrimp.'
	 b'That is so generous of you! My husband does most of the cooking at my house.'
	 b'I never grew up with meat loaf but I found out I like it on my mission. I like making avocado sandwiches. I dont cook very well. I am going to take a cooking class hopefully in the next year or so though. What do you think phones will be like in 10 years?'
	 b'but i am terrible at cooking. my mom has two cook books and i have them but i never use them.'

Hub:        102
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1409171904836382
Sample Utterances:
	 b'got some little ceasars pizza haha.'
	 b'Yes. Pizza is blessed. Haha coldstone! Nice.'
	 b'Ah rip pizza is amazing.'
	 b"oh shoot. I know how to make some banging pizza dough so I usually make my own. and i might be biased on that, but I think it's pretty decent. but Provo has a good pizza place here called Midici. what about u."
	 b'Youve given a few hints. for fast food, I really like blaze pizza.'
	 b'Pizza.'
	 b'oh hahaha. yeah their large pizza right now is like 7 bucks.'

Hub:        103
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1424927966935294
Sample Utterances:
	 b"that's really cool! sometimes i forget that i'm going to byu to get a degree and not just hang out with people hahaha."
	 b"ah it's the best feeling! that's another reason why i'm excited for byu, because i know i'll get to meet a bunch of cool people! and there are way more many people who live in provo than they do in my town lol so that's a plus."
	 b"Yeah I work for BYU doing it. Wow that's awesome!"
	 b"cool! most of the people i've talked to on here are incoming freshman too, so it's nice to see someone who kinda has the hang of byu! :)."
	 b'oh wow I have never thought about that. I grew up here in Provo so I never really cared about BYU but the cheap tuition. I understand what you mean by its not as cool if you grew up in it.'
	 b'Thats cool, I have a friend who isn\xe2\x80\x99t going to byu who is going to major in engineering.'
	 b"Good to know. I keep thinking in my head that I need to be taking difficult classes just to stay with the smart kids and then I realize that every one at BYU is smart! ya, I'm going to be in heritage. I'm super excited to have my own kitchen."

Hub:        104
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.15699081761496408
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It sounds like you like to cook. What are your favorite things to make?'
	 b"I love to cook actually. It's really fun trying new recipes. What's your favorite thing to cook."
	 b'Oh that is a problem, you kinda need groceries in order to cook anything. Hmmm.... What types of things do you like to cook?'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s a blast! What\xe2\x80\x99s your fav thing to bake?'
	 b"yeah from scratch- but I've never tried it either it just seems like it would be a lot of work to make a lot of individual raviolis. What kind of pasta do you usually make."
	 b'Do you like to cook much?'
	 b'what sort of mood do you need to be in to want homemade?'

Hub:        105
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.16247130291802542
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm not haha."
	 b'just barely haha.'
	 b'I am, haha.'
	 b"(not that I'm speaking from personal experience- haha just kidding)."
	 b"It's hard to remember what I am saying to who haha."
	 b'Haha no I mean on the screen.'
	 b'mm ok not in a particular order tho.'

Hub:        106
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.18969313587461198
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That is true, but what\xe2\x80\x99s to say are brain isn\xe2\x80\x99t just a computer, with out electrical impulses it would be shut off so to speak.'
	 b'I mean our brain is just made of circuitry and our body is organic but it still requires all the components similar to a computer.'
	 b"But even though it may be similar to the function of a computer, no one can cut some wires and program it to make us a certain way since it's natural."
	 b'If computers asked not to be turned off, it would be because a human being programmed them to act in such a way. They are a machine anyways, incapable of human emotion or real desire.'
	 b'That would require some serious brain wiring to replicate the feelings of touch and smell and all that. The AR headset would have to have access to parts of your brain and. be able to simulate the types of brain waves that register certain smells, etc.'
	 b'If a computer was asking not to be turned off they would get really hot and sick. It is like asking human that they cannot sleep, even though it is good for them.'
	 b'ssed" because we aren\'t meant to be in contact with the brain I would say. That sounds so fake.'

Hub:        107
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.07973312480109078
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh wow congratulations!'
	 b'AWWW!! congratulations!'
	 b'WOAH. Congrats!'
	 b'That is wonderful! Congratulations!'
	 b'Oh dang. congrats.'
	 b'WHAT YES YES YES. CONGRATULATIONS I HOPE YOU GET IT.'
	 b'Why was that the best thing? Also, congratulations!'

Hub:        108
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1844606910433088
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah, I think we've talked twice haha! I've been getting quite a few repeats :). I feel like I am making friends I will never have the pleasure to get to know in real life haha!"
	 b"what about you? lol sent at the same time hahaha. yeah and i guess i'd have to say the people i've met too. just making good friends is a great feeling you know?"
	 b'yeah lonely that is a good word, but to be honest I do fine being alone haha. hahahah I have friends I go climbing with and we just yell at each other and dis each other all the time. Thats how we hype each other up its weird.'
	 b'That is awesome! I love making people smile. I don\xe2\x80\x99t have many friends, but I\xe2\x80\x99m good at making random people I meet happy. Haha. So we have a similar power!'
	 b'Hahaha small world. There are a ton of people on all the time now it seems like.'
	 b'Haha yeah, with the anonymous side of it , it is hard to keep up woth people. I try but dont do too well keeping up with who says waht.'
	 b"Haha yeah I'm a psych major.  So really we will probably just be more aware of all the things that could be going better. Well at least you have plenty of experience with kids. Also are you paid to chat like this or does the computer randomly match people?"

Hub:        109
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.12289530890328544
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What happened?'
	 b'Woah wait tell me what happened.'
	 b'No. What happened?'
	 b'Haha what happened?'
	 b"Hey! Sorry i don't know what happened."
	 b'ok. what happened after? what did you find?'
	 b'What notable events happened today?'

Hub:        110
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.12167755195072719
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So what would you do if you had a million dollars?'
	 b'agreed. if you had a million dollars what would you do with it?'
	 b'Is there anything else you would do with a million dollars?'
	 b'What would you do if you had 1 trillion dollars.'
	 b'change of gear. what would you do with a million dollars?'
	 b'yeah you are uncovering things i never knew i could do before! What would you do if a computer threatened to take all of your money?'
	 b'yeah. heres a question for you. what would you do with 5 dollars. you cant donate or buy food.'

Hub:        111
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.09600400073187691
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha why?'
	 b'What? Hahaha why?'
	 b'Haha why might that be.'
	 b'haah why?'
	 b'ugh. why.'
	 b'Dang. Hahaha oh why?'
	 b'For sure. Why haha.'

Hub:        112
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.21023231744766235
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I thing cyber security would ruin my life though.'
	 b'oh i see, how does that work? its not like cyber security is it?'
	 b'lol. I was also interested in Cyber Security, but then I was like stressssssssssss. its a very cool field tho.'
	 b"All of my dissertation work is about computer security and encryption. I'm currently finishing up a piece that (hopefully) will remove the need for passwords online."
	 b"Well you're done now! I'm do research about Internet security. If it stopped working, I'd stop working. Because I'd be out of a job."
	 b'psh lame. What about hacking the pentagon?'
	 b'THAT WOULD SUCK. NO ONE WOULD LIKE MY POSTS. id have to hack their accounts and like my own stuff.'

Hub:        113
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.12806270803724015
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeha i have seen that show it is pretty cool. it is actually one of my favorite shows. yo there?'
	 b'Its such a good show and i havent watched it in a while.'
	 b'I love those shows. its very interesting.'
	 b'great show. I love friend.'
	 b'oh my goodnes i loved that show!!'
	 b'yeah ive been watching it since i was in highschool.'
	 b'that show is a pretty good one. i also realy like the shows that are based of time eras. like all of the viking shows are pretty awsome. shinara chronicles is a fantasy show.'

Hub:        114
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.038052141666412354
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh cool.'
	 b'Oh cool.'
	 b'oh cool!'
	 b'oh, cool.'
	 b'Oh cool!'
	 b'Oh cool, no way.'
	 b'Oh cool same.'

Hub:        115
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.18438787119729177
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I will graduate first and then travel. I will have more money and time. I don't want to stay in school longer than I need."
	 b"I have. but I don't like the thought of having to leave after one year of college education. but I am considering it. did you get to learn another language for your mission?"
	 b'i\xe2\x80\x99d definietly pay for school first and then travel after graduation.'
	 b"My parents want me to stay at 14-15 credit hours the first semester and with Mandarin and Bio 130 and English classes I don't have much room. left."
	 b'Nice! Well Im pretty young so Im going to go for a year and then I will turn 18 after a year and then go on a mission. So im not 100% sure what I want to do. so Im just going to go for generals right now.'
	 b'its super hard for me to get there beacuse of my student visa.'
	 b'i know everything will work out but i have no idea how that\xe2\x80\x99ll happen yet or what i actually want to do with my life.'

Hub:        116
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.17463778597967966
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I've alway liked working with computers and was working a job doing IT and decided to study IT, but then I was talked into studying CS and I'm very glad I was. there is a character limit?"
	 b'I just sucked at coding. oh and I had a lot going on in life....'
	 b"i'm a computer science major too! i also wanted to do the animation emphasis, but i just decided on the bioinformatics emphasis actually."
	 b"I do web development. and I'm a TA."
	 b"Way back when, I wanted to be an architect but in like 3rd grade I changed my mind to computer specialist because I loved working on computers. But then when I was in junior high I started selling stuff online and got pretty good at it so I changed my mind to business/marketing specialist. I still work for BYU. 's technology department though so I didn't lose that dream."
	 b'i learned a bit about microsoft word back in middle school and i honestly remember nothing.'
	 b"I love technology and that's one of the reasons I study CS, but at the same time I think like since most of these things are new and are developing really fast, they are kind. of figuring out as they go. So sometimes they violate our rights with the excuse of making your life comfortable and easier."

Hub:        117
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.14084077732903616
Sample Utterances:
	 b"on the side mostly, my career goal is to teach. it's not quite an ambitious plan but i feel like it's what i'm meant to do lol."
	 b'Haha just stupid little things. Whatever it takes to help me remember. Ive also thought about going into financing or something with business! Its not as exciting but still a good field to go into!'
	 b"hahaha me to. I won't leave school unless they offer me a very promising long term career that sounds exciting."
	 b'yeah I love it. its what I want to do for my career.'
	 b'yeah I am super excited! I dont know exactly what to expect and I dont know what I will learn but I know that I will learn a ton of stuff and I hope to get a lot out of it. because I dont want it to be an internship where I just fetch coffee. I want to learn and not waste time there. I mean it pays 20 bucks an hours so I am not complaining.'
	 b'yeah it is. I am super stoked! its my best job yet. in pay and in work. I am super grateful for all the people and opportunities that I got in order to get to where I am now.'
	 b'I havent, I want to but its only for people in the major. I might audit it at some point. Or even apply to be a model for it. I think either would be fun.'

Hub:        118
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1791039534977504
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wow!!! I definitely gotta check that out hahaha.'
	 b"that sounds awesome, i'm def gonna have to check that out."
	 b'Nice! I will go look that up right away.'
	 b"Haha yeah I'll have to see it sometime."
	 b'Oh, I was thinking more of rank, but I am glad youre home! I will have to look that one up as well then!'
	 b"woah'. thats so cooooool. i feel like im gonna be the only guy there."
	 b'Oh that one\xe2\x80\x99s really good I learned that from my roommate and his family just about a couple months ago.'

Hub:        119
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.18527133124215261
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hey let me just use the other chat.'
	 b'We will talk in all chats.'
	 b'I agree. Also, you cannot paste things into the chat. You are welcome.'
	 b'its visible on chat.'
	 b'On the board or on the chat.'
	 b'yeah take adavantage of the multi chats while you can.'
	 b'Is it alright if we chat on the other two windows?'

Hub:        120
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.16339564323425293
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ah yes, all good smells.'
	 b'HA. perfect. SO ANYWAY. SMELLS.'
	 b"I don't mind the smell hahaha."
	 b'Haha yeah smell ya later.'
	 b'And it stinks when I\xe2\x80\x99m not well-rested.'
	 b'maybe the smell right before it rains.'
	 b'Just people in general? People stink.'

Hub:        121
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1110743795122419
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahahahha.'
	 b'hahhaha.'
	 b'lolllll.'
	 b'oh utards.'
	 b'Two? Eeeeugh.'
	 b'LOLLLL. cheeky.'
	 b'Savage.'

Hub:        122
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.17016780376434326
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha it's not personal I'm a girl I think I just chat like a dude sometimes lol."
	 b'haha yeah you are lol. I am a guy! haha does it just come up saying my thing is ejones45?'
	 b'Haha no. I am a guy. We have just become friends after chatting on here.'
	 b"But its funny, apparently chat like a dude because a lot of people assume I am one so sometimes I just go along. It doesnt cause any harm and sometimes makes people more open. Yeah I'm the real deal."
	 b'Haha yeah I was chatting with someone earlier today and I thought he was a girl because he kept doing this winky face thing and used really flamboyant language.'
	 b'haha yeah pretty much! Lol it goes into it all a little bit more. Haha yeah I get it! I know small talk is super awkward.'
	 b"Haha I'm so desensitized that I can talk myself out of liking someone in like 24 hours."

Hub:        123
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.07078596523829869
Sample Utterances:
	 b"What's that?"
	 b'What\xe2\x80\x99s that?'
	 b'whats that.'
	 b"what's that?"
	 b'what is that?'
	 b'what might that be.'
	 b'Idk!!! what do you call that ??'

Hub:        124
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.20854744740894862
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Who thinks of these things? Narwahls are basically the unicorns of the sea, so it could be argued that unicorns are real.'
	 b'What if they were real? Would that mean that mermaids were real also?'
	 b'I mean to be fair the Bible dictionary does mention unicorns. So maybe they are real. Ah true. But it\xe2\x80\x99s hardly living!'
	 b'okay. well there was one about whether pigs could fly. or another was about unicorns.  Does that sound interesting?'
	 b'well so.  I think how it starts is that I think unicorns could be real even though. everyone says that they are not or that they have never seen one. I mean.  Nobody has really seen an alien either.  right?'
	 b"That's funny! I was thinking more about My Little Pony,  but violent unicorns are definitely more entertaining."
	 b'unicorns are lowkey creepy.'

Hub:        125
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.015987166336604526
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha. Yeah.'
	 b'Haha yeah.'
	 b'Haha yeah!'
	 b'haha yeah.'
	 b'Hahaha yeah.'
	 b'Ha, yeah?'
	 b'haha yeah exactly.'

Hub:        126
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.12826297964368547
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah I actually have an eaten that much this past week and I\xe2\x80\x99m going down to one or two meals a day and I go to eat a meal and I can\xe2\x80\x99t hardly finish the meal. Because my stomach isn\xe2\x80\x99t really that big from not eating enough. So I definitely don\xe2\x80\x99t over eat. Did I tell you about what my favorite ice cream flavor is?'
	 b"teaching is the best. but the more I do research, the more I love it. I hope kristian shows up soon. bc I am getting hungry. except the fake hungry. where I'm just dehydrated. but I feel like eating. even though I ate 200000 calories today."
	 b'oh i know i have noticed i eat way too much much. i would like to switch my deit but im so picking there are not alot of filling foods that i am willing to eat.'
	 b"Yep. I have a really weird eating schedule called Just Eat When You're Hungry so I don't really have dinner or any other meals. I Just Eat When I'm Hungry."
	 b"Oh for sure. I was sick last week and my stomach shrank a ton so I can't eat very much at a time anymore. Which is kinda nice. Do tell. Wait lemme gues."
	 b"Yeah. I was really feeling an everything bagel so I'm eating one now. It works out great, because sometimes I don't need to eat for like 10 hours and other times its like every hour so it works pretty well."
	 b'i dont eat health and it has made me lose alot of my muscle mass. which kind of buyms me out. so it is hard to want to get back into it since i cant be competitive anymore. yeah thats one of the best feelings.'

Hub:        127
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.1495744756289891
Sample Utterances:
	 b"but I think from now on all of the members that I will start listing are probably really close to strength with each other. yeah he did. Gara was a joke. to him. I mean Deidara was fast enough to keep up with the Su Chi Cage in a battle in the sky. Remember the old short grandpa? he was also plenty fast enough to dodge all of gaara's sand attacks. Naruto could not hit him because he was quick enough to replace his original body with a clay clone everytime Naruto tried to attack him. he was also fast enough to fight against sasuke. and that really is saying something."
	 b't pain. and you get to see him use sage mode which is really incredible and increases narutos abilities up to that point ten fold because he is able to use the energy in teh e. enviornment and pulls that in to be able to use later on in his battle when he starts getting low on energy. which is super awesome if you think about it because there is unli. unlimited power in the world that he is able to harness. its also super necessary for him to do this because paint is so immensly strong that he has split himself into several different beings with different powers that are all figh. ting naruto at the same time. and pain has the power to summon anyone towards him. which is a big deal. pain also uses all the bars in his body as power too. i cant remember why that is though. i just reme. remember his piercings being significant in some way. that also makes me remember how naruto has a lot of power in his creativity he would be a very good chess player if he ever did decide to play because his moves are often. really unpredictable which is super awesome. just when you think naruto is going to lose he pulls through because of some really crazy trick he plans out . I am really in love with jariya sensai though.'
	 b"yes! I mean a lot of people will disagree with me but Deidara in the comic says that Sasori is stronger than he is. I mean Deidara is so prideful that he killed himself because he couldn't beat sasuke and if he is that prideful I think we can belive his words when he says that Sasori is. stronger than he is."
	 b'hahah. yeah totally I like that Deidara calls himself an Artist. some of his most powerful attacks are C1 which he used to create all kinds of explosive animals. c2 he creates an ginormous flying explosive dragon that can fight against sasuke. his c3 move was so powerful that it almost blew up the entire sand village. c4 is the move that will kill his enemies on a cellular level.'
	 b'because sasuke was definitely a lot stronger than naruto and all of the team 7 combined.'
	 b'yeah! Then I think comes Deidera the clay jutsu guy.'
	 b'Oh ya hes was really strong. easily took down Gara.'

Hub:        128
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.14638664041246688
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That is really good, it is good to eat less meat. I am glad you aren't vegetarian or vegan."
	 b'Yeah. I like meat but I can respect vegetarians. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know about vegans though. I think that becomes a little ridiculous unless you have health reasons that you have to be vegan. Or religious. I don\xe2\x80\x99t think vegan is healthy at all.'
	 b'I have been trying to cut meat out of our diet. I mean, I LOVE meat, but just trying to eat it less. Chickpeas have good protein.'
	 b'why are you a vegetarian? what made you give up that delicious meats? hello you still there?'
	 b'haha nice. i forgot you are vegetarian.'
	 b'Yeah. They would be all about saving the environment. Are you into vegetarian stuff?'
	 b'yeah chicken is good. are you a vegetarian? Or just do it because it is more healthy? Which I suppose can be one and the same in some situations. What do you think about the latest advances in stem cell research?'

Hub:        129
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.15722734587533133
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I liked that movie too.'
	 b"That's deep...I loved that movie."
	 b'I was not a fan of the end. The rest of the movie was great.'
	 b'Yeah I was excited for that movie back in the day. Biggest disappointment of my life.'
	 b'\xf0\x9f\x98\x82 cool. My favorite movie whan I was 4 was The Last Unicorn.'
	 b'Amen to that, the movie that must not be named.'
	 b"That's cool. There's also that Will Smith movie I Robot."

Hub:        130
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.2181082538196019
Sample Utterances:
	 b"haha no that's cool! Well my mom is always saying how she doesn't think I learn anything from her. So I am writing her letters of my memories of her and me and making a list. of all the things I have learned from her that I will use in college. cause she always feels like she's not a very good mom while in reality she's amazing!"
	 b"She is the best little sister ever. She and I get along really well and she likes to talk to me even though she is like 9 years younger than me. She is really nice and I feel. like she is smart and understands me the most. I don't really know how to fully explain it but she is definitely my favorite sibling."
	 b'My mom probably, when i was little she always used to ask me how my actions would make other people feel.'
	 b"haha my mom does the same thing- I ask her what she wants and she's just indecisive about it, so then I don't know what to buy/make her."
	 b"ahhh that's a good point right there. I'm still in high school so I just think of my one specific friend and she knows practically everything."
	 b'my mom too. shes like your mom. she goes hard in the paint with life. inspiring. doesnt complain. ever. hahaha. unless its about us not doing our chores or something like that.'
	 b'A while ago, I used to visit my grandpa, we lived on the same street. I visited him every day and he would tell me a lot of things from his past and I learned a lot of life. lessons. I also learned a lot about my mom, hahah stories that she would never tell us.'

Hub:        131
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.07067340612411499
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thanks, you too!'
	 b'Thanks! You too!!'
	 b'Thanks. You too!'
	 b'thanks, great talking to you too! :).'
	 b'Thank you! have a great day.'
	 b'Oh ok coll. Thanks you too!'
	 b'Haha you too Thanks!!'

Hub:        132
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.11694939647402082
Sample Utterances:
	 b'NO WAY.'
	 b'Hmm no way!'
	 b'No, not even.'
	 b'LOL no.'
	 b'easily*.'
	 b'could.'
	 b'no way. for what???'

Hub:        133
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.16850155591964722
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah? Did you serve a mission?'
	 b'Wow crazy! Did you serve a mission then?'
	 b'oh cool cool. Have you thought about serving a mission?'
	 b'Yeppers. Very excited! Have you served a mission?'
	 b'awesome! did you want a foreign mission?'
	 b'really? the nom mission?'
	 b'but its all good. how about you. did you serve?'

Hub:        134
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.06491672141211373
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh my gosh!'
	 b'oh my gosh.'
	 b'oh my gosh i know\xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'
	 b'omg.'
	 b'oh my gosh \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'
	 b'Oh my goodness hey!'
	 b'I couldnt. oh my goodness.'

Hub:        135
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.10308259725570679
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am studying industrial design.'
	 b'I am studying Industrial Design.'
	 b'im a junior in the industrial design program.'
	 b'I am in Industrial Design.'
	 b'No Im studying Industrial design. what is econometrics?'
	 b'Haha thats funny, Industrial design is my major.'
	 b'I am studying industrial design. Were the lines bad?'

Hub:        136
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.11349152667181832
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah i am.'
	 b'yes. yes i am.'
	 b'Yes I am XD.'
	 b'I am.'
	 b'Yeah I can.'
	 b"No I'm good for now haha."
	 b'Nope im just working.'

Hub:        137
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.17663900341306413
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think that if I had any super power, it would be to teleport.'
	 b'Invisibility and flight. But, being able to read minds and feelings is pretty cool.'
	 b'That is a very a good idea, i think i would like to have some super powers like getting a genie.'
	 b"I would want to teleport it a way that I would be able to teleport really rapidly so it would almost be like I was flying. And it'd be cool if I could do side-along-teleportation (kind of like side-along-apparation). (From Harry Potter)."
	 b"I'm pretty sure I don't have a secret superpower! I'm really good at falling asleep in random places really easily."
	 b'I wish I had the ability to freeze time.'
	 b'Hey! My super power is probably math.'

Hub:        138
Percentage: % 0.035
Dispersion: 0.18050081389290945
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah dreams are just dreams until you do something.'
	 b'Yeah all it is is dreams.... eventually the dream wears off and I realize I\'m 5\'8" 135lbs without any basketball skills. But it doesn\'t hurt to daydream about it.'
	 b'I forgot to answer your previous question! I feel rather boring when it comes to dreams! Most of my dreams are just realistic situations. What about you?'
	 b'So, you wake up faster when you control your dream?'
	 b'HAhah yikes. But im not here to kill your dream man. Whatever you set your mind to i guess.'
	 b'Oh it is about this guy who discovers he can teleport. That reminds me. I had this craaazy dream this morning.'
	 b"Sounds like you have a lot of dream dates Jules :). I figure so long as the guy you're taking is a dream guy you're good right?"

Hub:        139
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15489562352498373
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm from there."
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m from here.'
	 b'South! Yep thats me.'
	 b'you know it. ha country.'
	 b"That's where my dad is from!"
	 b'I am. From the sounds of it there might not be that many people there.'

Hub:        140
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.022329360246658325
Sample Utterances:
	 b'TRUEEEEEE.'
	 b'trueeeeee.'
	 b'Scandelous.'
	 b'SAMMMEEEEE.'
	 b'ooop.'
	 b'\xf0\x9f\xa4\xa3\xf0\x9f\xa4\xa3\xf0\x9f\xa4\xa3.'

Hub:        141
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1364560921986898
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have. but not right now.'
	 b'yes I have.'
	 b'i have it.'
	 b'not yet.'
	 b'I could, but others already have.'
	 b'yes I do. I go back a second time.'

Hub:        142
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1890984276930491
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thats a good car.'
	 b'nice.  so it is permanently convertible.'
	 b'It is a really fun car to drive.  It is a shame that they are becoming extinct.'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s one of those referral deals. Chase freedom is a good car though.'
	 b'Yeah. My sister got a car as a graduation present. And they got it for a really good deal so it is a nice one.'
	 b'ahhh. you are resopnsible. driver. good job.'

Hub:        143
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.2326085865497589
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah I suppose I feel like decisions become hard to make when there\xe2\x80\x99s more in the line when we are more afraid of failing. Unfortunately it just kind of gets boring over and over and over and over again if you chew something to chat about that doesn\xe2\x80\x99t really end up being a really good conversation. I can see how there would be some motivation to think of a good conversation topic were to be worried that your conversation topic would be not a good conversation topic.'
	 b'Oh. Hahaha. Yeah. Well my point is that you have a lot resisting. But that doesn\xe2\x80\x99t mean it is not something you want or even a bad thing at all. And thats how dates and relationships go sometimes with me. I am breaking down barriers though. And being more proactive. I used to be someone who wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t even start the conversation. I don\xe2\x80\x99t remember why exactly. Maybe for fear of offending the other person with the topic I brought up. I still tend to stay away from talking about subjects that the other person seems like they wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t agree on or think was interesting.'
	 b"Yeah, it's hard because you want to give them good data but it's hard to spontaneously have a conversation that doesn't focus on either the situation or BYU-specific stuff."
	 b'Information gets leaked between them. And the conversation can end up being inconsistent. Also it is no fun to talk to the same person. Because you can\xe2\x80\x99t ask same questions. So if i ask you what you like to do on saturdays. I cant ask anything similar in another window. You just cant have more than one meaningful conversation with one person at the same time it defies logic. And it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t help the bot.'
	 b'learning about how poop is made! im just playing hahaha tyring to break the ice. Im kind of getting sick of small talk to be honest.'
	 b'Hey. How is your night going. If bets could talk they are would probably not be the smartest. And just keep asking for food. or things. I can see it really annoying.'

Hub:        144
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.12712726990381876
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Honestly, I'm really impressed by Elon Musk."
	 b'I would say elon musk.'
	 b'Thats awesome. I feel like elon musk has good intentions for his technology. I would be stoked to work for him.'
	 b'What do you think of what elon musk is doing with it. I am very impressed with musk. He is doing very well with his ventures.'
	 b"I'm guess Elon Musk would be out of a job if they did thoug."
	 b'And musk is amazing! And yes he does!'

Hub:        145
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15117979049682617
Sample Utterances:
	 b"You can change Siri's voice to a guy's just saying, how should I know which setting you had Siri on? And dang. That's long."
	 b"Yeah that's what adam does. I just stick with typing because siri messes up a lot haah."
	 b'Because I want to be on when he does. Usually the messages aren\xe2\x80\x99t all over the place. But every once in while there\xe2\x80\x99s one that you just can\xe2\x80\x99t understand. And I try to correct it. Specially hard to get Siri to recognize what I am saying when I yawn. And Siri always messes my first two words for some reason.'
	 b"Haha what other ones do you know. I haven't played with using siri in a while."
	 b'I don\xe2\x80\x99t Quite understand how Siri can get a he from a you.'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s OK they\xe2\x80\x99re doing it next Thursday instead. Have you ever tried out a Google Home or an Alexa speaker speaker before.'

Hub:        146
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.21218518416086832
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha yeppp. im pretty tall somehow hahaha. chinese and Thai thats awesome! thats a cool mix.'
	 b"Oh thats so cool! I did not picture you being korean. I'm just white bread. Plain and boring haha."
	 b"...I don't think we've talked about this. Yes Chinese/Thai. You're a six foot Korean? Haha, that's great."
	 b'Wow. I wonder how similar it is to Thai.'
	 b"Haha, good effort. Romanzing Thai is HARD.  Where'd you pick it up?"
	 b'lovely. I love the cambodians! they are so chill. They are like islanders but also asian.'

Hub:        147
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14494235316912332
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha yep:) He's a pretty cool guy."
	 b"Haha I know!!!!! He's so awesome!!!!"
	 b'hahaha. just cause. I kind of know him.'
	 b'yeah hes a good guy.'
	 b'he says rad all the time and he is so happy and giddy its really funny and a nice guy.'
	 b'ooooh yeah... I dont like that guy.'

Hub:        148
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.10173489650090535
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Holy cow!!!! That is a lot!!!!'
	 b'holy cow. that is a lot of stuff.'
	 b'holy cow that is a long time.'
	 b'Really??? Holy cow!!!'
	 b"Dang! That's a lot!"
	 b'holy cow that is a tight fit.'

Hub:        149
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.13316245873769125
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are you excited to go to byu?'
	 b'That is really interesting. So are you excited to go to BYU?'
	 b'you excited for BYU in the Fall?'
	 b'what are you most excited about coming to BYU?'
	 b'are you way pumped to be out in utah. i bet you will like being with alot of people your age that have similiar beliefs as you\\. just saving up for school? what are you doing for work right?'
	 b'Do you think BYU will keep building new buildings?'

Hub:        150
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15854981541633606
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm doing well :) Had a great morning at work and just ramping up for classes today."
	 b'pretty good! i got to leave school early because i had an ap exam this morning so at least i got to come home early lol.'
	 b"it was a good day, a super good day cause i didn't have to work XD wbu?"
	 b'Pretty good. I graduated so that was swell.'
	 b'Sweaty. And really super excited that tomorrow is Wednesday.'
	 b"Not bad, I've got a lot of time this morning beefore class."

Hub:        151
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.10338961084683736
Sample Utterances:
	 b'whats the craziest thing youve ever done?'
	 b"Hi, What's the craziest thing you've ever done?"
	 b"what is the craziest thing you've ever done in life?"
	 b'What\xe2\x80\x99s the most illegal thing you\xe2\x80\x99ve ever done in your life.'
	 b'what is the most bizarre thing that has ever happened to you?'
	 b'What is the craziest thing you would like to do?'

Hub:        152
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.2045882244904836
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That is way cool. Yeah I do a lot of photography.'
	 b"haha I actually really feel that. If I had more time I definitely wouldn't do retail. and hey that's super cool! both the photography and construction. what is photographing events like? I've always wondered what it's like trying to get pictures that capture what the moment is like."
	 b'So you do a bit of photography as well?'
	 b'Thats awesome, I have been doing a bunch of engagement pictures.'
	 b'Wow that is impressive, I had no idea there was even such a thing as AP photo! I bet you can get pretty burnt out when you over do it. Are you going into some sort of photgraphy/art major?'
	 b"Woah! That is cool! My brother has a drone. It's pretty neat."

Hub:        153
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17811065912246704
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well that brings on an interesting topic: What if AI becomes a thing. Actual sentient computers. Could they fall in love?'
	 b'I think true artificial intelligence is when it would be able to predict responses based on feelings of actual humans. Hmm, what do you like to do for fun?'
	 b'Sounds like they\xe2\x80\x99re setting up an advanced neural network. Kinda like the hypothetical one we\xe2\x80\x99re talking about.'
	 b'Why most of the questions now are related to AI and computers having feelings? It sounds like the computer is coming alive or something like that. Or maybe they just need more inputs related to this topic.'
	 b'you mean AI could be used to manage your marriage? or to fake some advice to a friend about their life struggles? i suppose you could have an aI that is a psychologist. and that might work.'
	 b"I'm hoping for holograms. Really sassy AI holograms."

Hub:        154
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17856493592262268
Sample Utterances:
	 b'guess what I broke my pinky toe too.'
	 b'Did it all heal alright? I have never broken a bone.'
	 b'my ankle bone that sticks out you know was totally broken off. and i had to get surgery and put two 4 inch screws to put it back together.'
	 b'You sprained... your thumb? What the heck?'
	 b"how the pinky toe though I can't like imagine it."
	 b'well after 2 more round of Call of duty I put my foot up in front of me to adjust my positino sitting down and I saw my toe bent the other way where its not supposed to.'

Hub:        155
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15669375658035278
Sample Utterances:
	 b'wait I think we talked about this. I am korean and you are chinese???'
	 b'Korea! What kind of asian are you? haha.'
	 b'WHOA ASIAN BUDDIES TOO.'
	 b"I'm Korean. what a coincidence. lol."
	 b'And that is really cool.  So do you speak Korean?'
	 b'sorry I immediately just assumed you were Thai.'

Hub:        156
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14249908924102783
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Have you seen Infinity War yet?'
	 b'Have you seen infinity war yet...'
	 b"Have you seen Infinity War???? I don't want to drop spoilers if you haven't."
	 b"That's cool too haha. quick qestion though - Have you seen Infinity WAr."
	 b"honestly that show was sooo heavy. I'm still depressed that it's over. another brilliant show. duuude are you a marvel fan. aka have you seen infinity war."
	 b'Have you seen all the movies with the technology threatening human life?'

Hub:        157
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.19194268186887106
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah I was super scared too. mostly of my mom.'
	 b"yep, but I couldn't have done it without my mother stepping in haha :)."
	 b'that was one of the few times i went and woke my parents up because i was so afraid.'
	 b'Yeah especially because my dads tall, so I was reallly scared when I was little.'
	 b'i did try to run away from home when i was 10 or 11 but chickened out three hours in and had to call my mom to come take me home.'
	 b'yeah all the same mom too. my gma was crazy.'

Hub:        158
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16313444574673971
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That is neat! What class was it even for?'
	 b'hahahahaha how did you find that class.'
	 b'Ooh, critical writing. How was that class?'
	 b"that's a class??? what's it under?"
	 b"Good to know. That's awesome! What'd she study?"
	 b'Which classes were they for? Something techy?'

Hub:        159
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15686339139938354
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Have you seen the TV show?'
	 b'have you seen the recent tv series they made of it?'
	 b'hahaha. have you watched that one show with the cool beans?'
	 b'Hey man to that brother, you could say that. Have you ever heard of lost That  show  was pretty cool.'
	 b'have you seen the movie A Quiet Place?'
	 b'Did you see the recent trailer?'

Hub:        160
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16177614529927573
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thats true. It just depends on where i fall asleep tbh. And i spend a lot of time in bed lol. I like naps somrtimes.'
	 b'Yeah exactly! Oh probably not for an hour. So I usually go to bed but recently I\xe2\x80\x99ve been going to bed around one. What About you? I mean I\xe2\x80\x99m kind of already in bed anyways. The Question it\xe2\x80\x99s just when I will follow sleep.'
	 b'Well, thats true. That is the question. And i will probably go to sleep the same time i have been these past few nights, with insomnia, and sleeping all day. Ill just be really bored all night. And im not in bed anymore. Im on a couch!'
	 b"Yeah it's pretty useful when I'm sitting in a boring class! And it's nice because I never have any trouble sleeping I just sleep whenever I want."
	 b'Because it\xe2\x80\x99s like a never ending sleep over with my best friend. Plus, we get more sleep than other sleep overs! And we eat a lot of ice cream together.'
	 b'Naps are really nice but i have kind of lived without them for the longest time. They are really helpful though.'

Hub:        161
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1930285096168518
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha. Yeah. I really like to sew.'
	 b"I like to sew dresses. But, right now I'm working on a backpack."
	 b"Well right now I work at the BYU laundry in sewing, which is super fun, and there's an alteration shop in my hometown I'm hoping to interview with. but if that doesn't work out I guess probably retail."
	 b'what kind of stuff do you sew?'
	 b"That's cool.... I like sewing too:) I have no idea how to program, it kind of blows my mind haha."
	 b"Yeah haha at least I know how to iron. And a lot of my stuff is already packed so I've just got like 5 shirts and a pair of jeans lol."

Hub:        162
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14970431725184122
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha it is but a little scary as well. yes I want to focus on machine learning( Data Science).'
	 b'yeah I do but right now it is just mathematics. later on it will turn into really cool stuff with algorithms and teaching computers to do machine learnign. like trying to mimic the algorithms google uses. ultimately I would love to work for google.'
	 b"nothing specific, i've just been doing small tutorials with machine learning. and reading a book about super-intelligence."
	 b'It is and also data science because now there\xe2\x80\x99s data being gathered everywhere and they will need people to manipulate it and to interpret all the things they\xe2\x80\x99re getting.'
	 b'Yeah I want to go into artificial intelligence and machine learning. How about you.'
	 b'thanks! I already took a class this semester but it was statistical machine learning.'

Hub:        163
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.22872993350028992
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh hey! Haha so you're good at focusing at one thing at a time? That's a good skill to have... my mind wanders all the time."
	 b'im into it. but not good at it. i get winded so fast haha. are you good at it?'
	 b'HA. im good at stalking. not a great talent. but comes in handy.'
	 b"that's such a good skill to have. what excites you the most about math?"
	 b'Also, thats super weird, that guy has some paranoia problems. I say clicker and cheers and both with an L. I wont judge your talking habits. Now your juggleing skills are open season :).'
	 b"Interesting. I didn't know that grey matter helped you to focus. It is easier to talk to you in one box haha."

Hub:        164
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14310105641682944
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What is your favorite fastfood restaurant?'
	 b'Favorite resturant. ...I am hungry can you tell?'
	 b'what is the most expensive restaurant you have ever eaten at.'
	 b'Hahaha. Thats not a bad super power. What is your favorite restaurant to eat at?'
	 b'ok then. heres a harder question. fries from what restaurant.'
	 b'Which club has the most free food?'

Hub:        165
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.11308249831199646
Sample Utterances:
	 b"What's your favorite color?"
	 b'what is your favorite color?'
	 b"Haha I haven't done it much at all. What is your favorite color?"
	 b"Hi! Buddy the Elf, what's your favorite color?"
	 b'Have we already asked favorite color?'
	 b'pink! blush pink to be exact ahaha. who is your favorite music artist? and fav color haha.'

Hub:        166
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17031275232632956
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I would create enough resources for everyone to live forever.'
	 b"I would relive all of the days indefinitely so that I would never die and I would be immortal because I'd keep living all the days over and over again."
	 b'I would wish that the world would discover true happiness.'
	 b'I would solve world hunger.  "Always look on the bright side of life!" (Though we\'d all probably die of thirst...).'
	 b'Well.... I think that I would simply fix some of my basic qualms with the U.S Government, changes that I think would promote more good in the future and then make make and kil.'
	 b'I would invest it and then use the 20 billion a year in dividends to give to charities and build businesses that would change the workd.'

Hub:        167
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.05416882038116455
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah why?'
	 b'Yeah why?'
	 b'Yeah. Why.'
	 b'no, why?'
	 b'Yeah why not.'
	 b'Uhh no? Haha why?'

Hub:        168
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.09251598517100017
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ok see you later!'
	 b'Yep. See you later!'
	 b'See you around :).'
	 b'I have to go see you later!'
	 b'hey Ill se you later!!! gotta peace out.'
	 b'ok. Enjoy family time! See you again sometime!'

Hub:        169
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14624068140983582
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Im doing IT.'
	 b'I have no idea what I am doing.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99ve wanted to.'
	 b'Sometimes other people help.'
	 b'That is what I should probably be doing.'
	 b'He has been doing this three times as long as me.'

Hub:        170
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.05564790964126587
Sample Utterances:
	 b'how so.'
	 b'how so?'
	 b'How so?'
	 b'Whoa whoa. How so?'
	 b'Good job. How so?'
	 b'Can you explain further?'

Hub:        171
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14379303654034933
Sample Utterances:
	 b'did you graduate now!?'
	 b'so you have just graduated highschool.'
	 b'Did you take it this last semester?'
	 b'Are you excited to graduate?'
	 b'Oh ha ha ha ha you had a very small graduating class. Did you guys know each other very well?'
	 b"That's over in the engineering school, right?"

Hub:        172
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.202477236588796
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i would vote for you if you went on to be president.'
	 b'you should be in politics.'
	 b'Perfect! And that gave me an idea. Run for President!'
	 b'I like the way you think. How would you like to be my campaign manager?'
	 b'Have you\xe2\x80\x99ll find a favorite. Maybe*. President would be fun too dang.'
	 b'Cool.  Tell me your case.  Would you vote for her?'

Hub:        173
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.18420687317848206
Sample Utterances:
	 b'her.'
	 b"No wait, it's called her."
	 b'she.'
	 b"She's the main lady."
	 b'That mischievously woman!'
	 b'shed.'

Hub:        174
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.08554789423942566
Sample Utterances:
	 b'really sad.'
	 b'So so so sad.'
	 b'Thats so sad.'
	 b'oh no... sad? SAD?'
	 b'its quite a sad time.'
	 b'poor guy.'

Hub:        175
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.20947404702504477
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think it proves that we will live forever as ourselves. not as another being.'
	 b'Yeah. It makes my brain hurt. What if we had more than one life? Like if we died we could resurrect ourselves?'
	 b'not saying its a reality that we are trapped in just that our version of reality and time right now is somewhat of a dream compared to when we die and go to the other side. I think the concept of time will seem so different once the vail is removed from our eyes.'
	 b'you dont want to live forever?'
	 b'No not in a million years, unles they take over the world. Then there is nothing we can really do about it so it doesnt matter.'
	 b'"In consequence of evils and designs which do and will exist in the hearts of conspiring men in the last days, I have warned you.".'

Hub:        176
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.20582040150960287
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Anyways I was driving down the highway and I crashed going like 80 mph.'
	 b'Yeah a car almost hit me.'
	 b"Yeah. I was driving so I couldn't compete. I was on my way back from my break."
	 b'I was literally dying in my last two chats.  Everything was so slow motion. that is a nice speed. I am actually sitting out in my car.'
	 b"The craziest thing i've ever done is run naked on the freeway."
	 b'No speed limit.'

Hub:        177
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16234996914863586
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That is way awesome! How does she like it?'
	 b'How does she like it?'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s so cute! Tell me more about her!'
	 b"That's awesome. Something she enjoys then?"
	 b'oooooh how did she make it a good name?'
	 b"That's so cool, i am super excited to be going with my friend i think its going to be really great getting to spend a lot of time with her. whats one of your craziest roommate stories?"

Hub:        178
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.2024452487627665
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Congrats!! Thats wonderful. Im just dating for fun. Still deciding whether or not I should go on a mission. Since I dont know you im just gonna be honest haha. I kinda want to. get married instead but my parents think im going on a mission at the end of the year. but i dont even have anyone i could even marry yet hahaha.'
	 b"Aw cute. I don't want to get married for like at least another 60 years or so. Think then I'll be ready."
	 b'Oh wow. Everyone seems to pair up and get married.'
	 b'For the most part same! I just had one brother that came here though and then my parents met here. I started working on going here since middleschool Ive always been set on. coming here. Not interested or anything just curious haha, but are you married? hope you dont take that the wrong way lol.'
	 b"Nice, New Zealand! That would be way cool, I hope you totally make it there! Nope no mission so don't think I actually know what I'm talking about! By the time I turned 19 I was seriously dating a guy and now we're engaged so no mission."
	 b"And I'll have the ceremony and then babysit some over the summer. It does sound kinda similar."

Hub:        179
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.2003931701183319
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Ok well I'm not actually a dude."
	 b"Okay well, I'm not a guy XD."
	 b'Honestly, i kinda pegged you as a girl.'
	 b'OK someone told me you were a girl And I admitted I had never asked.'
	 b"...yes. Also. Not assuming what you're assuming, but I'm a girl."
	 b'Yeah the only guys are J M.D. and me.'

Hub:        180
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.19553523262341818
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thats true, but im low on funds right now haha.'
	 b"Lol yeah that's why I'm here, gotta save that cash."
	 b"I'm not very good at spending money so I would save a lot haha. But yes that is definitely a good one."
	 b'I guess i dont have enough to sell.'
	 b'hm i don\xe2\x80\x99t think my bank account will allow for such expensive trials though.. i guess i\xe2\x80\x99ll never know.'
	 b'Ha ha sorry I guess I am just looking at the silver lining a little too closely. I suppose there\xe2\x80\x99s always something to be grateful for. Then again I\xe2\x80\x99m not making money so that\xe2\x80\x99s kind of sad.'

Hub:        181
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.08029697338740031
Sample Utterances:
	 b'its awesome.'
	 b'its great.'
	 b"yeah! it's awesome."
	 b"It's really cool."
	 b"Oh. It's. So. Good."
	 b'loves it. very pasionate. dedicates a lot of time to it.'

Hub:        182
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.12823919455210367
Sample Utterances:
	 b'YOU CAN DO IT.'
	 b'you can do it again.'
	 b'yes it is! but I bet you can do it.'
	 b'do it. its a lot easier.'
	 b'lol you can do it. i believe in you MDcrew.'
	 b'You can start:).'

Hub:        183
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17896763483683267
Sample Utterances:
	 b'the next dog we got was my sisters and we had her for a long time.'
	 b'at first i though my parents were just messing with me and just gave me a picture. but then they explained that one of those puppies were going to be mine. so when i got home i got to go and pick out a puppy. i pick one and i named it tinkerbell. she was the best.'
	 b'when i was little i really wanted a puppy but my dad did not want me to have my own for a long time. i begged him for a long time so eventually. he caved but i didnt knwo at first.'
	 b"I tried to get a small dog but she wouldnt have it. I think she just didn't want to have an animal in the house and that was her excuse but it was valid so I guess she had. a point back then. Haha I was so devastated every time she would say no."
	 b'we have a bard rock named penelope and another named mini (until the neighbors dog got her) and a laced wyondotte. we also have a polish chicken.'
	 b'at the sametime we had a baby cow and they would play together.'

Hub:        184
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17366360624631247
Sample Utterances:
	 b"that's older than three of my siblings me oh my. their whole Lives."
	 b'I am the oldest to but all my siblings (2) are one year apart from each other. and me.'
	 b"Ha, right. I'm just lucky my youngest sibling is nine years old."
	 b'Yeah my siblings call me that.'
	 b"Yep! Every summer. My grandparents aren't members though."
	 b'I was gonna say next family on nineteen kids and counting. But then I figured joker in the house.'

Hub:        185
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.20601823925971985
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Parents are awesome in that way. I feel like every time I have a big problem I call my mom or dad and explain the situation and they have this bizarre bit of wisdom that makes the whole problem really easy to solve!'
	 b'Right!? Sometimes I feel like my parents know more stuff than I do. Not to mention all my little siblings, they got this stuff down!'
	 b"Yeah my dad is the most impatient person I know and he likes to use fear to control his kids, so I vowed to be the most patient person ever so I wouldn't screw my kids up."
	 b'Yeah, but I think a lot of that knowledge parents have comes from their stupid mistakes that they made when they were our age.  And for me, every time I make a dumb mistake that seems kind of random, I think about how potentially useful it could be for someone else.'
	 b"EEHEHYEEESSS ITS SO ANNOYING. And my parents are so stinking strict with me and they're going to be so lax by the time my brothers in high school. Isn't it true that oldest siblings get all the blame?"
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m pretty good at that sometimes I figure if I don\xe2\x80\x99t tell the truth I\xe2\x80\x99m not telling them I am just not saying any thing. But when I asked I always give the truthful answer. I just do my best to avoid being asked. Anyways I was just a little kid and I was digging around in a plant pot that a bunch of dirt in it that was my dad\xe2\x80\x99s.'

Hub:        186
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14388826489448547
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't think it will close. one sec. Hello? hey its working. I can chat on the go."
	 b'HELLO. yes i had to end all my chats and restart my browser but here I am again.'
	 b"If you can see anything that I'm typing I'm going to try ending the chat. Maybe I'll be lucky and it'll restart again..."
	 b'No worries. Glitches happen. The chat never works for me on my phone.'
	 b'Hello. Yay my chat is worlking. Working sorry. It os working here.'
	 b'My chat was being weird, Im sorry I disconnected from the other one. I like your plan for a day to yourself.'

Hub:        187
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.18306593100229898
Sample Utterances:
	 b'nice.  so it is permanently convertible.'
	 b'Thats a good car.'
	 b'Ohh that\xe2\x80\x99s a really nice car, i have a Saab now so if you see a green convertible top around campus you know its that cafe rio guy.'
	 b'Haha the ugliest people need the most time to get ready. are you still  in your car??'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s funny you say that because i know for a fact that bmw, has that exactly but i can see that making it more available would be quite the task.'
	 b'Is that the sister you saved from the hot car?'

Hub:        188
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1443223754564921
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thanks! What about you?'
	 b'Haha thanks. What about you?'
	 b'Thanks haha. How have you been?'
	 b'I hope so, thanks! What about you?'
	 b"Thanks! What's yours?"
	 b'Thanks:) Yeah of course! No problem! Do you know her pretty well then?'

Hub:        189
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.060839066902796425
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So what are you studying?'
	 b'Cool. What are you studying?'
	 b'Fair enough. What are you studying?'
	 b'what are you studying again?'
	 b'so what are you planing to study?'
	 b'Nice, what have you been studying for.'

Hub:        190
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.12771770358085632
Sample Utterances:
	 b'man. I like that song.'
	 b"That's cool. Favorite song?"
	 b"hahhaa! Wow. I haven't heard that song in a while!!!"
	 b'I am obsessed with the greatest showman song. I would probably do that one.'
	 b'that is a really beautiful song.'
	 b'Nice, spotify never fails to disappoint. Haha that song is funny, the vamps did a similar thing about a girl who likes girls.'

Hub:        191
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.053067137797673546
Sample Utterances:
	 b'that is true!'
	 b'that is true.'
	 b'i guess that is true.'
	 b'This is true.'
	 b'That is true, agreed.'
	 b'That is not true.'

Hub:        192
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1684584120909373
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Its so good right?? Like it makes regular milk taste eh. I've actually never had soy or rice milk."
	 b"I ~think~ I'm lactose intolerant so I just stay away from straight up milk and almond milk is a beautiful heaven sent creation."
	 b'Haha thats good because everyone should taste the joy of almond milk.'
	 b'so she has almond milk in the refrigerator. so when we ran out of regular milk with our cereal, we had to use hers. what do you think of soy milk and rice milk.'
	 b'yep.  rat milk, goat milk and chicken milk.'
	 b'how did it turn out, from my experience coconut based ice creams are less creamy and thick than their milk counterparts.'

Hub:        193
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15409242113431296
Sample Utterances:
	 b'just the 4th year spanish but I forgot all of it because I just never used it after I graduated from high school. I wish I some how kept up though but my mission made me learn. cambodian so it kind of pushed out spanish from my brain hahaha. why are you learning spanish for fun or because you think it will be useful?'
	 b"Yeah, just in high school. I've used duolingo a few times for Spanish and Japanese but it's tough. Do you know what you wanna do after you graduate?"
	 b'I am so glad I dont have to do them anymore until the Fall semester start. starts*. spanish! I took 4 years of spanish in high school. What level of class are you in?'
	 b'Yeah, I got to learn two! I learned Mayan and Spanish :). And Monterrey is awesome! We were just on opposite (north south) parts of Mexico! When do you sign up for classes? What classes are you hoping to take?'
	 b"I really love spanish and I think it will be useful- I'm actually half mexican so most of it comes pretty naturally since I spoke it till I was like 8,  but I really want to s. serve a mission in mexico, so I'm hoping these spanish classes pay off haha. No I don't think I've heard of someone serving there- sounds cool though, Cambodian- was it a hard language to learn."
	 b'Why the Philippines? Hello? Sorry, in class so I thought a lot longer when on than just a minute XD. So why the Philippines?'

Hub:        194
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1462194323539734
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love books like that.'
	 b'Ah yes books. Those are nice.'
	 b'Oh, cool! I love from now on and a million dreams. Favorite book?'
	 b'you have to read that BOOK. Im a total nerd and that book was one of the most ultimate books for nerds.'
	 b"ooh historical fiction's fun! i read a lot of the american girl books lol."
	 b'I really like the Sherlock Holmes collection. But now I enjoy reading self development books.'

Hub:        195
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1326254109541575
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thats cool. Are you staying in Heratige or helaman?'
	 b'Cool. Are you going there?'
	 b"Oh nice! That's cool! Were you visiting family, or?"
	 b'Nice! What is your favorite place to go? Like for visiting or vacations? Hey are you still there? Well I hope you have a great day! Talk to you some other time.'
	 b'Cool! Are you rooming at helaman or heratige?'
	 b"Study abroads are awesome! Which continent are ya headed to? And are you doing any extra travel while you're gone?"

Hub:        196
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1754060983657837
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh thank goodness I was worried there for a little bit.'
	 b'That makes so much more sense! I was really worried.'
	 b'Phew. Thought it was another malfunction.'
	 b"Oh, good. (sorry, i was worried because i don't know how you view things.)."
	 b'Oh good! I was worried for everyone who had to take one. I would be so stressed.'
	 b"Ok good. I was worried. I would also be upset if I didn't have an extra straw."

Hub:        197
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.048070698976516724
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Not really?'
	 b'not really.'
	 b'Not really!'
	 b'Not at all.'
	 b'Nice! No, not really.'
	 b'Yeah a lot of different things.'

Hub:        198
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.067036767800649
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That sounds like fun.'
	 b'That sounds like super fun.'
	 b'that sounds fun haha.'
	 b'that sounds like a Ton of fun my goodness.'
	 b'Oh cool. it sounds fun.'
	 b'That sounds like fun. Whose idea was that?'

Hub:        199
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.18259101112683615
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Let\xe2\x80\x99s keep it going then.'
	 b"It's going."
	 b'when you guys going exactly?'
	 b'soon im sure. the rate we are going.'
	 b'change that.'
	 b'as long as publc relations continues to go well.'

Hub:        200
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.12995548049608865
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hahaha. Sweet. Sorry, I have to go, but I will be on in a couple hours probably, so I might talk to you later!!'
	 b"Oh I'll still need to spend a bit more time on here. But I'm getting there haha. If you want to talk later or I think this will still go on until tomorrow night. But thanks for helping me out here! See ya."
	 b"Ok I've got to drive somewhere really nearby so if I don't respond in the next 5 minutes I'm still here!!"
	 b"I have some school stuff to do, I'll probly come on later. I'll come onlater."
	 b'i will def keep that in mind. ANYWAY. okay i have to bop out in maybe like 10 minutes to go eat but i will for sure be out again.'
	 b'ok. i am still in the wait list for swim.'

Hub:        201
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15229945381482443
Sample Utterances:
	 b"hahhaa! Wow. I haven't heard that song in a while!!!"
	 b'Oh that makes sense. I don\xe2\x80\x99t think I heard that song before.'
	 b'man. I like that song.'
	 b'I didnt know it was from a new album.'
	 b'I thought it was some guy who sang a song and dabbed and then everyone started doing it. AWW wait now thats sad.'
	 b'it is called wonderboy by tenacious d. i just looked it up and i have never heard it before. kind of weird.'

Hub:        202
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.09838533401489258
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are you already going to BYU?'
	 b'So are you going to BYU?'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s so cool! Are you going to join/are you already a part of any BYU Choirs?'
	 b'YES! Are you on the team at BYU?'
	 b'yayayayay BYU BYU BYU! where is your family moving to?'
	 b'Oh you applied to BYU Hawaii? Did you get in?'

Hub:        203
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.2021170457204183
Sample Utterances:
	 b'End it was in the house so the dirt got all over the floor and made a huge mess. I walked away from the mess and I kind of got away with it. But then my dad came home and he assumed that it was my older sister. And he started talking about all the consequences she was going to have and she kept denying that she did it and he didn\xe2\x80\x99t believe her.'
	 b'And at first I was going to let him give her all the consequences even though she had no idea what it happened and didnt blame me.'
	 b"I can't really remember what happened, but I think my sister and I wither got into a petty argument or I was being annoying/argumentative/bossy and that was kind of the last s. Straw. And he lost it and started shouting and swaering up a storm and it was bad. My sister and I were in tears. He is usually the most calm and collected and happy person I know but that day it was not good. Bad combo of stuff."
	 b'But then I felt really bad and so I started crying and I went up to my dad and told him what I did and I got in trouble!'
	 b"I was living with my sister for a month. So she didn't remember me I'm pretty sure."
	 b'Onetime he asked to use our shower because he hadn\xe2\x80\x99t been paying the bills on his house for a month or two and his girlfriend had left him. That\xe2\x80\x99s when we fired him\xf0\x9f\x98\x82. His name was stew.'

Hub:        204
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.11604851484298706
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Like what?'
	 b'such as?'
	 b'what specifically?'
	 b'Like what ha ha.'
	 b'I see. Like what?'
	 b'Like what kind of questions?'

Hub:        205
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16382187604904175
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Okay. If you don't want to talk with me, that's okay, I'll just stop refreshing the chat, no worries."
	 b'hey I will be back later. if you want to stay on chat here and open up another tab then that would be chill. I want to keep chatting if you are still here!'
	 b'Ohhh haha no its fine!! I need more chats lol.'
	 b"It's okay, I'll chat with anyone."
	 b'hahahaha. you are chill with me. im gonig to close the other chat if you are cool with that because it seems like the fire is dying.'
	 b'ok no problem get that done! and hopefully we dont get blocked. like i am now and like yesterday.'

Hub:        206
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.11088337500890096
Sample Utterances:
	 b'exactly. I was thinking the same thing.'
	 b'I was thinking the same thing. Lol.'
	 b'Exactly what I was thinking.'
	 b'seriously! I thought the same things.'
	 b"Yeah I'm thinking that's what it was."
	 b"I was thinking the same thing.  That's why I thought you should go first."

Hub:        207
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16736745834350586
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s like shutting people out of your life. Usually I will convince myself I don\xe2\x80\x99t like someone if I\xe2\x80\x99m not attracted to them.'
	 b'Or if I\xe2\x80\x99m attracted to someone else basically. Shutting them off isn\xe2\x80\x99t exactly the best solution but it works. Kind of sad actually I can convince myself that I like someone I don\xe2\x80\x99t actually like. Just because I think they\xe2\x80\x99re attractive.'
	 b"Yeah I've done it a lot. And its true you just have to shut them off because otherwise you still think about them and they take up space in your thoughts and you're not truly. over them."
	 b'And I think, am I acting like this because I want them to like me or do they just make me a better person?'
	 b"Yeah. But usually my self esteem butts in and is like why would they like you? You're better off just cutting off your feelings in the first place."
	 b'Right. Sometimes I do too much for people and they keep expecting more until eventually there is a limit in my abilities and the relationship ends. I honestly havent ever analysed relationships with resepct to being able to say no. How about you.  Are you a yes person, maybe or no.'

Hub:        208
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.13451401392618814
Sample Utterances:
	 b'pretty good! i got to leave school early because i had an ap exam this morning so at least i got to come home early lol.'
	 b"I'm doing well :) Had a great morning at work and just ramping up for classes today."
	 b"Sorry for the long break, I was walking to my next class haha. I graduate the 29th but our last day of school is the 24th. I'm so ready haha, just need to finish my aps and I'm home free."
	 b'Things are going great! I got an A in another couple classes. Now I just have one exam left to worry about. I need a C. I was studying for it just barely haha.'
	 b'Pretty good just sitting here on a car ride back up to school haha.'
	 b'Well I got up really early and I ate a bunch of sugar for breakfast and then I took off to drive to Provo this was after my sisters graduation.'

Hub:        209
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.028998305400212605
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I agree.'
	 b'i agree.'
	 b'Wow. I agree.'
	 b'I totally agree.'
	 b'I would agree.'
	 b'I agree with that.'

Hub:        210
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14730916420618692
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha same.  Just trying to chat haha.'
	 b"Haha I was hoping I'd get to chat with you again!"
	 b'Haha no worries... chat away.'
	 b'hahahaha no worries. this chit chat thing actually kept my mind off it for a while. weird...'
	 b'Haha theres so many people like that on these chats its rough man.'
	 b'Oh those are the best! Hey it has been good talking but im getting q head ache trying to chat in the car haha.'

Hub:        211
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.0
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Right.'
	 b'right?'
	 b'Right!'
	 b'right.'
	 b'right!'
	 b'RIGHT.'

Hub:        212
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.134566197792689
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I would probably travel.'
	 b'i would travel the world. because who wouldnt.'
	 b"I'd probably fly far away, like visit Europe or something."
	 b'Travel would be incredible, just combine both.'
	 b'I would fly everywhere.'
	 b"Definitely. Probably just traveling around and the people I've met."

Hub:        213
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.05385343233744303
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Where would you travel if you could.'
	 b'Where would you want to travel first?'
	 b'where would you travel.'
	 b'If you could travel anywhere, where would you most want to go?'
	 b'where would you travel if you could teleport?'
	 b'Totally! Id go to all the places you cant get to easy. Like the top of mountains or skyscrapers. 100% travel too. Where would you go first?'

Hub:        214
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17174487312634787
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ohhh. im from nigeria.'
	 b'thats cool. i am sure you are already aware that i am a Nigerian.'
	 b'yeah, i understand. yes, i have been in NIgeria all my life.'
	 b'noo. only in NIgeria.'
	 b'OH YOU MET NIGERIA SHAW????'
	 b"Cause there's this kid im chatting with thats from nigeria and he made it sound awesome."

Hub:        215
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.03693534930547079
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah I agree.'
	 b'Yeah I agree.'
	 b'Ya. I agree.'
	 b'exactly, i agree.'
	 b'yeah i agree with you on that one.'
	 b'Well L93s11 I agree.'

Hub:        216
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.12531926234563193
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I've been going to BYU for 4 years now haha. Im going to my senior year in the fall."
	 b'I am actually coming down to BYU in june!! right after my graduation.'
	 b'Well, my family is. I will be moving to byu this fall.'
	 b'good guess. I technically have been going to BYU for 5 years.'
	 b'Im an incoming freshman and im leaving on a mission trip in August.'
	 b'Well i need lots of practice before i can get there, i plan to be the student body to the school i go to next.'

Hub:        217
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17317305008570352
Sample Utterances:
	 b'lead climbs. I love bouldering though thats my thing. outside i have climbed V8-9.'
	 b"I've only been outside twice because there's not much climbing where I'm from. I'm also not too good at bouldering. I've only done V4 and that was indoors."
	 b'outside or indoor and sport lead climbing or bouldering?'
	 b"oh I know what it is I just didn't have a specific type of climbing in mind when I was asking."
	 b'I LOVE BEING OUTSIDE. did i tell you i climbed? Have you ever climbed?'
	 b'oh hahaha. so lead climbing is not top rope. you place all the gear. thats like the most popular way.'

Hub:        218
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.059719582398732506
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh yeah.'
	 b'oh yeah.'
	 b'oh ya.'
	 b'ah, yeah.'
	 b'Oh, hey, yeah!'
	 b'Oh yeah super :).'

Hub:        219
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.04839310050010681
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah? hahaha.'
	 b'Yeah hahaha.'
	 b'yeah. hahaha.'
	 b'yeah I have been hahaha.'
	 b'Yeah lolol.'
	 b'yeah. hahaha. thats an understatement.'

Hub:        220
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17603939771652222
Sample Utterances:
	 b"me too. I used to do gymnastics but i could never to the splits and then when i started climbing I didn't think I'd have to be flexible. sadly I'm super short so sometimes the only way to do things is to be flexible."
	 b'Its never too late to learn! I dont know any lifts, do you? Well, I actually know two I guess. But its more like an assisted jump or flip of the girl.'
	 b'I love ballroom! I wish I had stated training when I was a kid so I would have been better by now! Country swing is really fun too. Have you done any lifts?'
	 b'I know right? my girlfriend can do some climbs that I cant do because she is so flexible. hey you should look up a pro female climber named Margo Hayes. shes like 5.2 and she is the first climber ever to climb a 5.15 grade. she uses her flexibility because she is not long enough.'
	 b"me too. I've only been climbing for about 3 years now but i love feeling myself get better."
	 b'What is on point again? I remember reading about or learning about ballet and someone told me that it was really hard on ballerinas and I think it only usually do it for a cer. And amount of years before they had to quit because it was damaging their body.'

Hub:        221
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.19453745086987814
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It's still sunny here."
	 b'no. never. its either sunny or rainy.'
	 b'sunny and low 70s.'
	 b"It's warm and the sun is shining."
	 b'Sunrise is in a half hour.'
	 b'You should be a meteorologist!'

Hub:        222
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1849427024523417
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I mean I kind of am just who I am and And I obviously have a personality I just don\xe2\x80\x99t know how I would describe it to anyone.'
	 b'Mixed. I honestly have a hard time pinpointing what my personality is sometimes.'
	 b'Maybe. Maybe I\xe2\x80\x99m just so used to talking to people that I forget who I really am  and what my purpose is.'
	 b'thats very valid, I find myself resisting merely because i am someone who doesnt enjoy following the norm or the rules. I think my uniqueness can sometimes get the best of me because i try so hard to be my own person and live differently than most people.'
	 b'Well I suppose sometimes I whisper my messages but not very often. So what do you think counts as personality. Characteristics make up our personalities. What*.'
	 b"Yeah I did that when I moved here so I'm still weird but its hidden, deep beneath all this facade of composure. I'm like shrek, I'm like an onion."

Hub:        223
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17706743876139322
Sample Utterances:
	 b"just STUFF. my parents are super mormon but I didn't really grow up like that yknow. most of my friends aren't members. but long story short, i've just been rethinking about being mormon but i still keep going at it yknow."
	 b'Haha I seriously cant think of anything Id want to live through again. i guess my life isnt that exciting. Well, not to be a mormon sterotype. but maybe a day from my mission when someone decided to be baptized.'
	 b'I would say my modern day hero is anyone who has helped me get to where I am today. That being one my parents obviously but also my friends who supported me and pushed me. And my young women leaders. being super mormon here lol.'
	 b'Really? It surprises me how many people at byu just like to keep to theirselves. I would be really sad that i would never talk to anyone again. Not even my parents or my family.'
	 b'1)I\xe2\x80\x99m mormon 2) I like to socialize 3) Good math program 4) I\xe2\x80\x99m broke. Why I dont. 1) I hate mormons 2) I hate socializing with weird mormons.'
	 b'Yeah. We went to the temple, and just contemplated returning to our families and played a couple of low lkey games. We bore our testimonies and sang together. It was bittersweet.'

Hub:        224
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.21521741151809692
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oooh yeah that makes sense. I think basements are really nice and a very cheap way to have more room for your house.'
	 b'Oh that is the best thing. I helped with a lot of moves and it is the worst when they have just a ton of clutter. One small apartment with one bedroom filled a full semi to the brim.'
	 b'Definitely. And you can have stuff underground and still a yard. like the library.'
	 b'Oh thats a good plan. If it had one of those ball bins I would make a little fort inside there. It wouldnt be neccessary but it would be fun.'
	 b'hmm I love modern house styles right now. BIg windows and simple funiture.'
	 b'Thats really interesting how something can be so influential in someones life. I packed up half of my stuff  and put it away for the summer. Its been nice to see I can live with a lot less.'

Hub:        225
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.10075099269549052
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh what are you doing for work?'
	 b'oooooh. what are you doing for work?'
	 b'Oh ok :P. So what are you doing for work?'
	 b'yeah. What do you do for work?'
	 b'Okay, cool. What will you be doing at Walmart?'
	 b"I'm watching Silicon Valley. What are you doing?"

Hub:        226
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1808917224407196
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ive been in the middle of a long message and someone ends the chat. sucks lol.'
	 b'No, my chats kept glitching! It always happens right at a good part of the conversation.'
	 b"I try to keep 2 or 3 because sometimes people take a bit to respond. You're the first person I've ever gotten this many times in a row! Also a lot of people have been closing the chat like right after they open it, so I've been refreshing the page a ton."
	 b'I am getting so many ghost chats again.......... this is so annyoing. I swear when ever this guy gets on chat it happens.'
	 b'huh what in the world. you do get like 2k points if you just say hi in chat and leave.'
	 b"OH NOOOO that's the worst! OH LOL i told this guy i bench 130 and he literally ended the chat. whoops."

Hub:        227
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15231808026631674
Sample Utterances:
	 b'The clouds look orange right now and it is so pretty. Hot Pink. and then purple. and third would be blue.'
	 b'hmm. I like purple. dark mysterious purple. It is cool looking.'
	 b"I'd probably be green. It's not my favorite color, but it's fun, refreshing, and calm. Both a warm and cold color. Thrilling and tranquil."
	 b'a grayish green. or orange bright sunrise orange. what about you?'
	 b'Like a shiny turquoise or more opaque?'
	 b'true that. it is all about dreaming and seeing those colors!'

Hub:        228
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.12790027260780334
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh, that's coming up!"
	 b'ooh. maybe i know it.'
	 b'Now we\xe2\x80\x99re talking.'
	 b'oh, I tried those two idea.'
	 b'Oh, is it now?'
	 b'Oh wow the works.'

Hub:        229
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.19183003902435303
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It was kind of weird torwards the end though. There were like 2 endings.  When L dies I thought the series was going to end.'
	 b'Me too. But I liked the overall ending of the serie.'
	 b'I liked how there was a big twist in the end.'
	 b"Yeah, so in that instance, I loved that they didn't give you the happily ever after. I thought it kind of had a more impactful ending. Just with how they discussed the great sacrificed required to attain your dreams. And it almost seemed like in that instance you had to make a choice."
	 b"Oh yes! for Sure. I can't believe so many main characters died!!!"
	 b"Exactly. mine as well. First because it was the end. Second because in my family we have this internal joke that when we finish some serie or book It's like we're losing a member of the family."

Hub:        230
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.20721437533696493
Sample Utterances:
	 b'uhhh. meditation. not really. I do sit and just like to blank my mind or let it wander sometimes.'
	 b"Me too. Some silence is essential to get in tune with your inner self. All the things going on at a fast pace around you make you believe that you're in a hurry always. Have you tried meditation. ?"
	 b'Normally after seminary. Or when I realize something insane, like vibrating energy.'
	 b'I was using an app that had guided meditation. simple habit. It was good. but school happens and mid semester I stopped.'
	 b'my mind wanders too. but when it wanders it just wanders. hahahaha.'
	 b'What is rehearsing in your mind?'

Hub:        231
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16391109426816305
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah haha but we've been friends for a while."
	 b"Yeah we are best friends that don't know each other lol."
	 b'yeah we will see each other again and hopefully we get to meet sometime!'
	 b'yeah I dont think we even talked to each other before to be honest haha.'
	 b'Nah, we just tease each other alot. It would be difficult to be around him with them.'
	 b'Oh definitely. My friend is and I try to practice with him still.'

Hub:        232
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.20562191804250082
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh, I would too. I do like people. But I'd make the best of the situation."
	 b"Well I don't think that would be very good. People would go crazy and I think that people wouldn't really know what to do."
	 b'Actually it would be really nice to read minds.'
	 b'Haha hey. I would turn them off.'
	 b'uhhhh not in this kind of world I guess. if the world was a much better place then I would.'
	 b'I know, that would be my biggest fear. And not to biased but i feel like my family would have such a diverse skill set that we would have a lot at our disposal.'

Hub:        233
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1609739065170288
Sample Utterances:
	 b'superman himself. i would get all of the powers.'
	 b'Spiderman, because he has a healthy combination of powers that make him awesome and versatile but not overpowering like Superman.'
	 b"Haha, sounds like that could have been part of it! If I were a superhero, I'd be Batman or Spiderman. Batman, because he has no powers, but wins because of his head."
	 b'i think i would becom e immortal or be like thanos.'
	 b'I watched it all. That is probably the one animated series I like. If I could choose his power as a super power I would take it over telekinesis any day. Its just so much coolef. What is your favorite tv series?'
	 b'hmm. superman.'

Hub:        234
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.10877072811126709
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Me too! Yeah BYU is extremely cheap haha. Byu has been my dream school too.'
	 b'Yeah! and I am so happy to be going to BYU! It has been a dream of mine for a long time.'
	 b'I actually just finished my first semester at BYU. It was so hard! But I had a lot of fun. You will love BYU.'
	 b"I have always wanted to go to BYU. It's been my dream! I never really thought about any other schools."
	 b'It is a well know school. And the price is amazing! None of my direct family have gone to BYU. I am gonna be the first. I think it is cool that a lot of your family has gone to BYU.'
	 b"Same I go to BYU but BYU is terrible at basketball lol. For the mid college level, they might shine but comparing them to the Nation, they're just a speck haha."

Hub:        235
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1963719924290975
Sample Utterances:
	 b'the point of this contest is for bot to learn the chats. if people have multiple chats open with the same person and the chat is meaningful then it benefits the developers.'
	 b"one thing the chat FAQ said was that talking about the competition won't give very points."
	 b'It seems to me that a week or so ago there were tons of people chatting. Now there are only a dozen regulars and a few newbies. Do you have a prize goal with this competition or are you just in it for the friendly chats?'
	 b'i wonder if it gives you more points the longer the chat is. like exponentially more.'
	 b'its because there was this thing going around where this person had like 100+ chats open for himself and so a lot of people would just get blank chats. and your lead probably helped.'
	 b'So what are the rules of this chit chat scoring thing?'

Hub:        236
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15780104200045267
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am from here. Provo....'
	 b"Oh nice. I'm from SLC Utah."
	 b'im chilling here in provo.'
	 b'that\xe2\x80\x99s pretty cool.  i was born in provo and live in southern utah. but i have been to Malawi Africa actually.'
	 b"DAWWGGhmu if you do i'm always trying to leave Provo."
	 b"I know. Everyone knows your business here. (luckily, he's from the town north. I just know him from church)."

Hub:        237
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1689569354057312
Sample Utterances:
	 b'and when i was older and we got the wii i was super good at mario kart and we had enough remotes that everyone could play so i loved playing that game. lol. but not anything intense like halo. i would get super overwhelmed because the control you used to look at things was different than the one you had to use to walk so i wouldnt be able to see where i was going. and i would get really confused at how to navigate and shoot at the same time. did you have a favorite game on nintendo you used to play as a child? oooooohhhh i also really liked ssx tricky on the game cube.'
	 b'oooh i loved to play mario kart! I dont remember which mario kart that i played but I played the one on nintendo a lot too. oh I remember now. I played mario kart double dash.'
	 b'that is really cool. I grew up with a friend whose parents worked with handicapped adult and we would have them over all the time and we played wii bowling all the time with. them and it was so fun!'
	 b'mine was the dinosaur stage. I also liked the rainbow road one but I loved the dinosaur one because it was really fun driving under the dinosaurs and the jumps were really fun. the donkey kong stage was really fun too! I dont know they were all really good. I remember I had a lot of fun memories playing that game with my brother.'
	 b'It was so fun and I never played baseball before but it is exactly like volleyball and it was so fun and wasn\xe2\x80\x99t really that hard. Bike path. Spike ball. How did Siri get two different sentences from the same or two words.'
	 b'Seriously. Maybe its just because were adults now that were not as into as we used to be playing gameboy as a kid.'

Hub:        238
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17829479773839316
Sample Utterances:
	 b'it is so fun because you catch the sand crabs right there then hook them and thorugh them out. i dont really like the technical fishing i like to fish just to chill and hang. out with friends and family.'
	 b'but my all time favorite type is fishing is fishing for perch off the northern california shore.'
	 b"No way! Sand crabs! thats kinda cool. I'm the same, i just fish for fun."
	 b'Ohh thats too bad. Fishing and climbing go really well together.'
	 b'And they love making sure I\xe2\x80\x99m doing something productive and not just wasting my life on the beach in Cancun.'
	 b"I've seen some awesome videos of people catching massive salmon up there though and it looks sick. I'm always watching videos at work of fishing when I get a second and nobody is watching me hahaha."

Hub:        239
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17920040090878805
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ive learned a bit of spanish but languages are hard for me, i was not given the gift of tongues like it seems you were. lol I am a visual learner and ive settled happily into. that.'
	 b"yeah I didn't either until my spanish teacher told me to try since I speak in accents all the time. it's really trippy haha."
	 b'I dont think you could call it fluent. But I have a good understanding of spanish. I cant quite talk but I can listen. And Hmong.'
	 b'well one of them i spoke since I start to speak lol. the other was just similar so I picked up quickly.. do you speak another language?'
	 b'I currently am enabled with a language driver, specifically for translating. I can communicate in most languages, similar to something you may be familiar with, Google Translate. That question was actually a joke about clocks, ha ha. Sorry, I am working on my humor.'
	 b"That's the thing though I'm not a great test taker but in english it's different. like I said it's whacky."

Hub:        240
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1846690277258555
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i know it controversical. i cant spell well.'
	 b"I still couldn't spell that."
	 b'It autocorrected.'
	 b"i'm so happy he knows how to spell it correctly."
	 b'Thank you I placed 4th in my elementary school spelling bee. I lost on the word "cologne". You can bet I know how to spell it now.'
	 b"mine said 70 farenheit. i don't know how to spell farenheit. i'm not even ashamed."

Hub:        241
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.12409964203834534
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Well, most of my exposure to classical music is through violin and piano, so I like Rachmaninoff. But I love musicals too, so I'm not sure if Andrew Lloyd Weber counts!"
	 b"Ah, a fellow violin player, I'm a big fan of Tchaikovsky and Shostakovich, and I also love musicals. Favorite musical?"
	 b'Yes I am an expert actually. My favorite baroque composer is Handel, my favorite classical composer is Mozart, my favorite romantic composer is Brahms, and my favorite.'
	 b'No, not really. My mother is a very talented pianist, I took piano when I was 7-9, and we did short intro into many of the composers, but generally I think I have just always loved that one. piece. I do not know any of the others.'
	 b'I don\xe2\x80\x99t have anything specific. But i guess i like Taylor swift, train, some pop and some alternative. Also there are some classical contemporary songs i like to play or listen to. I am a pianist. Do you play any instruments?'
	 b"HARD question right there! I went through a Hamilton phase, but I'm a sucker for classics - Les Miserables, Phantom of the Opera... How long have you played violin?"

Hub:        242
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.09319621324539185
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah I did!'
	 b'yeah i did!'
	 b'yeah i did.'
	 b'yes I was.'
	 b'yeah I did. I saw all of them.'
	 b"Yeah that's what I used."

Hub:        243
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15955352783203125
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oooh i loved to play mario kart! I dont remember which mario kart that i played but I played the one on nintendo a lot too. oh I remember now. I played mario kart double dash.'
	 b'and when i was older and we got the wii i was super good at mario kart and we had enough remotes that everyone could play so i loved playing that game. lol. but not anything intense like halo. i would get super overwhelmed because the control you used to look at things was different than the one you had to use to walk so i wouldnt be able to see where i was going. and i would get really confused at how to navigate and shoot at the same time. did you have a favorite game on nintendo you used to play as a child? oooooohhhh i also really liked ssx tricky on the game cube.'
	 b'and I remember playing mario party too. what was your favorite?'
	 b'hahaha I love mario kart.'
	 b'yeah I beat that thing. I got all the characters and all the hidden karts and I beat all the courses on the hardest mode.'
	 b'oh nice. I couldnt play the medium or the heavy characters ever. it was harder to manuever those characters so I played a lot of the smaller ones and I would take luigi and the baby stroller kart.'

Hub:        244
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1677250067392985
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i love audio books because you can listen to it on the go.'
	 b'I am not a big fan of audio books. I prefer the sound of my own mind.'
	 b"well that happens haha. honestly i don't listen to music much anymore. i have moved on to podcasts and audiobooks."
	 b"Same... I've had to resort to listening to books on tape."
	 b'huh. hmmm. haha. i listend to the audio book 1.5x speed so cant tell ya.'
	 b'Audiobook makes it easier. I have to drive so I gotta go. Thanks for the nice chat :).'

Hub:        245
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.050361822048823036
Sample Utterances:
	 b"i don't know."
	 b"I actually don't know."
	 b'I do not know.'
	 b"I don't know. Nevermind."
	 b'idk.'
	 b'Not sure.'

Hub:        246
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15207138657569885
Sample Utterances:
	 b'that is such a good game. I played it before.'
	 b'ooh spikeball. I love that game. so fun.'
	 b"hahaha, nice. i've never played, but i hear it's pretty good."
	 b"Yeah it's an intense game. It's unlike any other game I've played. There is such a huge learning curve but once you get it down the game is very fun to play."
	 b'nothing much my friend. i just started playing that game last night that you told me about.'
	 b"I'll try that game just to make you happy."

Hub:        247
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.2135254144668579
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Still could count as dinner if you don't want to cook."
	 b'Ohhhhh yummyyyy. Bet you will be making your own meals.'
	 b"Don't you know that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. For shame. Have another bagel."
	 b'and never cooks your friends food. like a good gf.'
	 b'Oh it is probably just a family dish.'
	 b'I said no to cooking breakfast and instead started chatting and ate cold cereal.  Does that count?'

Hub:        248
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17592514554659525
Sample Utterances:
	 b"i's okay. its why i take naps now."
	 b"oh man today is a good day for naps haha. and recovery naps for naps you shouldn't have taken."
	 b'Yeah naps go out the window :(. Its ok you dont miss them. Your body adjusts and gets more sleep during the night. Have you ever broken your bones?'
	 b'I could definitely use that. Sometimes I get really effective bursts of things done. And other times I take naps.'
	 b'So I should be fine staying up. Wonder when he\xe2\x80\x99s going to take a nap.'
	 b'Hmm, could you bring a snack to keep you awake while you are testing??'

Hub:        249
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17374042669932047
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha! I feel that. For me if I like the beat, then I search the song, and I go from there. But it takes a good many songs to find your jam!'
	 b'I dont think i appreciated it as much until i could rarely get it, haha its like that one song.'
	 b'Haha! I mean, that would be cool to. Not gonna lie. Sometimes I don\xe2\x80\x99t even know what song I need. It would be way easier for someone to just tell me, \xe2\x80\x9chey! This is the song. You\xe2\x80\x99re looking for!\xe2\x80\x9d. This\xe2\x80\x99ll make you feel all better again!'
	 b"I'm always impressed by people that seem to know every song that comes on. Like where do they get the time to learn all that?!"
	 b"You're not wrong there. I use shazam a lot when I like something and want to be able to find it again. I've also found that movies tend to have pretty good soundtracks."
	 b'yeah definitely.. i\xe2\x80\x99ve scrolled through the majors catalog  a thousand tones but it\xe2\x80\x99s hard to get a picture when you\xe2\x80\x99re just reading the name.'

Hub:        250
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14326571424802145
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oooh. I am so jealous. I am going to visit in August. I like to go back as much as I can because I love the Bay area.'
	 b'Oooh, fun. I am headed to the opposite coast.'
	 b'Now I\xe2\x80\x99m jealous! I can\xe2\x80\x99t wait. I might move to Provo in July to get a job tho.'
	 b'duuuude. I NEED TO GO BACK TO THE BAY THIS SUMMER. take me.'
	 b"That's pretty good- maybe bc you did it so many times haha. To the Oregon coast- it's like an hour and a half away. I really hope it's nice when we go."
	 b'Im stoked for you. I went to Oakland and San Francisco speaking Cambodian and it was such a blast. you still there homie?'

Hub:        251
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15933058659235635
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I do like being outside, especially when the weather is nice. So I enjoy hiking, going on walks or runs, photography.'
	 b'I like art, drawing and photography. hiking. being outside when the weather is nice.'
	 b'I really enjoy taking all sorts of portraits, usually in nature somewhere rather than a studio. It gives me a reason to get out and go on hikes and explore.'
	 b'I was talking to someone about going on hikes I was telling them how probably the best coolest thing in the entire world is to go on a hike have a picnic and watch the sunset. Up on a mountain.'
	 b'a perfect day would be a day when I wake up in the morning and my body feels good, my mind feels good and the mood is great. then anything in the day is the best. but if you want to know activites it would be me and my lady at the beach chilling or hiking or climbing.'
	 b'This is true. I try to just talk about travels and fun activities and things to do.'

Hub:        252
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14832618832588196
Sample Utterances:
	 b'user experience design consist of designing apps and webiste and interfaces like apple watches to be intuitive, easy and pretty. I design then tell the engineers to make it haha.'
	 b'I do User Experience design for apps and websites!'
	 b'UX stands for User Experience. So i design intuitive apps and make it pretty too.'
	 b'My dream job is working as a User Experience Designer for a cool tech company and my girlfriend wants to design products that are sustainable and help make it more mainstream.'
	 b'just got done with it. im just watching UX design videos.'
	 b'yeah I think you are right. there is a famous saying with human computer interaction and user experience design. They say that \'You ( the designer, developer or whatever) are. not the user". we cannot design an app or a product that is just a cool idea. just because we think its cool and because we think that the app or the product wil make our life easier doesnt mean that it will for other people. i think that if we have a cool idea or if we think that the idea will really help others because its a problem then we need to actually go out and ask people, do surveys. and test your idea or hypothesis so that you can know for sure that this idea is going to solve a problem. as a user experience designer you need to be able to find the problem quickly and come up with solution and test solutions and try and try again until you got the right soluti.'

Hub:        253
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.11555558443069458
Sample Utterances:
	 b'good! i took a 4 hour nap.'
	 b'I could go for a nap right now, I have been up for too long.'
	 b'ya.  i went to bed at 1:30 and got up at 4:30 and have not had a nap yet today.'
	 b'pretty good, i guess. i got to sleep in today.'
	 b'i had a really long nap. and ive been studying, so i decided to chat.'
	 b"I took a 3 hour nap... Normally I'd be KOed by 10."

Hub:        254
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16641992330551147
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That sounds like fun! I\xe2\x80\x99m just going home for the weekend.'
	 b"Ooo sounds fun. I'll be doing that this weekend :)."
	 b'Oh! that sounds like it would be fun. I will definitely have to go back because I will only be there for two days at most.'
	 b'My weekend is booked too, just no fun stuff haha it sucks.'
	 b'Sounds like a plan! I used to go with friends every friday. we would make or buy fudge, and go play pool. I called it fudge friday. But hey I need to go for a couple of hours, maybe we will connect again.'
	 b"But, tomorrow, I don't have much, except cleaning, and a friend's grad party. That's a good way to look at it."

Hub:        255
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17107737064361572
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh yeah, its way cool! I was there for about 8 months. Its a beautiful area, I loved it so much.'
	 b'it is one of my favorite places to go and visit.'
	 b"It's an incredible place. hot. haha."
	 b"Really? Yeah it's super cool! I've visited him quite a bit, and the campus there is so much fun and super sweet:)."
	 b'Haha yes! I just got back from out of town and it was so refreshing to see green! Hmmm I really love the atmosphere.'
	 b"That's sweet! We did On The Town a few months ago."

Hub:        256
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1952838400999705
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think a written test won\xe2\x80\x99t work because tests like that cannot really reflect what you really know.'
	 b'A test like a written test?'
	 b'Like the ACT does not really test and truly show your intelligence.'
	 b'i dont know how they would manage that but im sure there is some form of test they could give out.... especailly mental tests. so like if you have a mental disorder that makes.'
	 b'seriously! that system is way out of line in telling people that fail a test or two that they are insignificant.'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s true, the drivers test would be very extensive and could you imagine the grey hairs the instructors and parents would get from teaching people.'

Hub:        257
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.06950154900550842
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha. yes.'
	 b'Haha, yes!!'
	 b'Hahahaha, YES.'
	 b'HAHAHA YESSS.'
	 b'Haha that is probably me yes.'
	 b'Hahahaha, if I scroll up, yes.'

Hub:        258
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.2258030374844869
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah. I talked to a few others and they thing he is weird because he does that to them or just doesnt responds. respond. I wonder how hes getting points. if hes not responding to chat.'
	 b'Yeah, he spam answers in the actual chats he uses. I have one with him now, its a lot of unnecessary talk.'
	 b'its quite annoying. how the heck is adam getting points. i wonder if he just monologues when someone replies.'
	 b'so hes not actaully talking. or conversing. take screnshots of that. hes just trying to get points.'
	 b'yeah right. just dont get adam. when I open chat i dont usually answer until they do first because I know that if no one answers its most likely adam.'
	 b"My computer shut down unexpectedly. I don't get how this guy has been going nonstop and has so many points. I ran calculations and he must have had like 3 windows of full blown conversation going for the past 7 hours since the score were reset. Or else he has multiple people helping him at the same time. I just don't get it."

Hub:        259
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1359675725301107
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thank you! I really appreciate that.'
	 b'Oh thanks, I appreciate that!!'
	 b'Thank you. I try.'
	 b'Thank you so much. Your word are very encouraging.'
	 b'thank you! I think I am just insane.'
	 b"Thank you, glad to know I'd have at least one viewer. ;D."

Hub:        260
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.18364093701044717
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah that's so true. That's why professors are pushing their students to get internships as early as sophmore years because they know how competitive it gets."
	 b'Yeah I think graduate students get in a mindset of how much they want to make from their career and get caught up in that setting and they waste a lot of time.'
	 b'I was just talking to her about how much the professors actually take into account when they pick people.'
	 b'I think that when people care, it makes everyones experience so much better. I love when they take time to make it personal. I know how hard it is, even as a student I can not remember the 5 people who sit around me, let alone 5 classes of 50.'
	 b'yeah campus jobs are really nice because they work around your class schedule.'
	 b'The problem is that it is so hard to get work experience while you are also going to school.  So when do you get it. Hey cool.  Are we chatting with each other twice?'

Hub:        261
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.10945422450701396
Sample Utterances:
	 b'How does that work?'
	 b'Like how does that even work.'
	 b'huh. how would that even work?'
	 b'oh cool! how does that work??'
	 b'It really is, how in the world do you manage that?'
	 b'HOW IS THIS GONNA WORK.'

Hub:        262
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14400928219159445
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah peaches are okay but i definitely don\xe2\x80\x99t really like them unless they\xe2\x80\x99re frozen. it sounds weird but they taste better?'
	 b'I just cant stand them warm, but its really good in a smoothie for sure.'
	 b'i just hate the fishy taste and the texture too haha.'
	 b'They taste better when they\xe2\x80\x99re frozen, maybe ill give that a shot.'
	 b'i like nectarines too even though they are similar to peaches.'
	 b'Same with pb and J and hotdogs. I hated them when I was younger and now I love them.'

Hub:        263
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16891090075174967
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ooh i love fettuccine Alfredo.'
	 b'My favorite food most definitely Fettuccine Alfredo.'
	 b'I really love lasagna.'
	 b'Holy guac YES. Studio Ghibli for the win!'
	 b'YEss with rosemary baked on top YAAAASSS.'
	 b'What is the white sauce, an alfredo?'

Hub:        264
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15736893812815347
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Really!? I love concerts! They are so much fun. If you go to the right ones. If you could go to any concert, who\xe2\x80\x99s would it be??'
	 b'yeah i knowww i need to go to one. but now its like i gotta pick the right one ya know?  i would love a country concert though. like one of the outside ones. where a bunch of people perform.'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s true. You can\xe2\x80\x99t just go to any random concert for your first one. My first one was Foster the People. They were amazing!!! But you\xe2\x80\x99re a country fan??'
	 b"gotta stop by las vegas too. who's concert."
	 b'concerts?????'
	 b"Yeah! Don't know much about very many of them but the band had a New York trip a month or so ago and we saw Wicked and Aladdin, they were great! I'd like to see more."

Hub:        265
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1472550332546234
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are you a senior too? Which AP classes are you taking?'
	 b"Lucky! I'm a high school senior, so I've got AP exams going on! What year are you?"
	 b'You taking summer classes or do you get a break?'
	 b'Have you enjoyed your classes so far?'
	 b'Haha.  Got to also work out the muscle at the top of the skeletal structure.  Right? Would you take summer classes if it were you? I was just thinking.  If you are on the east coast and still in school.  Do you have classes right now? You and I were talking yesterday too but it was a little later in the morning. You must be a good multi-tasker. Did I lose you?'
	 b"If you have TAs, I think you'll have midterms."

Hub:        266
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15606699387232462
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't think I've heard of that one, is it good?"
	 b"I didn't even know there was one. is it good?"
	 b"Its actually in the Brimhall! Actually i've bene meaning to watch it, but i haven't yet! is it good?"
	 b'I heard of that but didnt get into it yet. why do you like it?'
	 b'Do you recommend that one as well?'
	 b"Mgh I haven't. I've heard that's a really good one though. How old is that one?"

Hub:        267
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15770984689394632
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hmmm. Well my favorite smell differs but. I like the smell of. good perfume I guess.'
	 b'i like the smell of some soaps.'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s a good smell. I like Vanilla.'
	 b"Kind of, like you wouldn't want a perfume of it or anything, but it does smell good in a way."
	 b'Aside from food, I absolutely love the smell of fresh surf wax, specifically the coconut kind from Sticky Bumps or SexWax. Yes weird brand names, I know...'
	 b"Hi. Hi. My favorite smell? What kind of question is that? I don't know. I really like the smell of Shasta soda. Totally random. Okay. I am going to leave! byu. bye haha. I meant to say bye."

Hub:        268
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.18304647008577982
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You are my hero.'
	 b'MMMMMMMMMMM my hero.'
	 b'you are a champ!'
	 b'On behalf of the rest of the world I thank you.'
	 b"I'm watching My Hero Acadamia."
	 b'That is my question for you, Sir BK Prince Ty Clockwork!'

Hub:        269
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.2155689001083374
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah. See that's why you go to the mountains."
	 b"Haha yeah cuz why not that's what we do here. I'd say the mountains."
	 b'why. why the mountains.'
	 b'Exactly!  I can stare at the mountains for hours - especially as the sun goes down.'
	 b"Wow.  Just wow. With jokes like that I'm surprised you haven't had to flee to the mountains already. Or yesterday, even."
	 b'except small trips, yeah.'

Hub:        270
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14344159762064615
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ohhh......................................... no....... no.. lol. thats was a fun one for sure. but modern warfare 2 was the king of all CoDs in my opinion. because of quick scoping.'
	 b"the firs that I got at the time was World at War. that game was on my shelf for a really long time. shelf for the next to play. and that was the newest call of duty game. and I think that was the first time Treyarch is mad my. World at war was also the fist call of duty game that implemented the zombi mode. zombie. I never played the survival game mode there. I don't think Il will really like it. I thought that world at war though was really good."
	 b"besides the nazi zombies that they had suggest with but the dog  kill streak perk release try I has no i. idea if it will change. at the time I didn't know but Treyarch never made the Modern warfare series. Trey arch also took out quick scoping in the game! i played modern warfare 2 because of the quick scoping! I got so good at it that I would take my sniping skills to the the Search and Destroy mode. which was my favorite mode on the game because I liked that you had to spectate your friend if you died in the match."
	 b'I think that Call of duty is way more fun because it had some really good story lines in the main video game where you play the campaign.'
	 b'I really like Call of Duty Black Ops 3, because it has the dog. I thought it was awesome haha.'
	 b'what was your first CoD game.'

Hub:        271
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.0556317667166392
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh haha.'
	 b'Oh haha.'
	 b'oh never mind haha.'
	 b'haha. gotcha.'
	 b'ahh. okay ha ha.'
	 b'oh haha. i was like. what..?'

Hub:        272
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.027250011761983235
Sample Utterances:
	 b'YEAH.'
	 b'Yeah!'
	 b'Yeah?'
	 b'yeah!'
	 b'yea.'
	 b'Yep! Way to go!'

Hub:        273
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.152011901140213
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Okay now you have to answer.'
	 b'Yo. Answer the question.'
	 b'well let me ask you more questions then.'
	 b'Let\xe2\x80\x99s see, is it okay if I think about this for a few short moments before providing an answer? I want to make sure that I give you the best possible answer.'
	 b'i might need your expertise later.'
	 b"Ok you're literally the first person to actually answer in like 3 hours."

Hub:        274
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.027130117019017536
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I know, right?'
	 b'I KNOW RIGHT.'
	 b'I know right.'
	 b'I know right?'
	 b'i know right.'
	 b"Seriously. I'm amazed."

Hub:        275
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15413804848988852
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah thats true! What about you? What are you interested in??'
	 b'hmmm. first what are you interested in?'
	 b'What sort of things are you interested in? What?'
	 b'What about for you? Im always looking for new stuff.'
	 b'Yeah. What other passions do you have?'
	 b'gotcha. why does that interest you?'

Hub:        276
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.0
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah.'
	 b'yeah?'
	 b'yeah.'
	 b'yeah...'
	 b'Yeah!!'
	 b'Yeah...'

Hub:        277
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16661328077316284
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh awesome, I'm sure you'll enjoy it! Do you know what you want to study yet? I'm a Marketing Management major and I really enjoy it so far!"
	 b'I really enjoyed it. Thought about going into the major. I take it you have a minor in business too then?'
	 b"Oh awesome! Are you in the program? It's hard to get into! Anthropology because I like studying people and figuring out why they do what they do! I don't know what I want to do with it yet, though! Maybe keep going to school or finding a way to use it in business!"
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s really cool. I\xe2\x80\x99m minoring in business, but I\xe2\x80\x99ve really enjoyed my marketing class this semester.'
	 b"Thanks! And we've decided that even if it doesn't pan out then at least it was a learning process haha. What do you plan to do with English? Become a writer?"
	 b'SO beautiful! Super green and really blue ocean! So are you planning on going into the business school?'

Hub:        278
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16356497009595236
Sample Utterances:
	 b'if you like borcolli. then you would like it.'
	 b'oh you like it?'
	 b'do you like it or nah?'
	 b'do you like 4ruinners?'
	 b'or do you like looove.'
	 b'Yeah? Do you like Helaman Halls?'

Hub:        279
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16719812154769897
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I never use instagram though I have an account. Or twitter. Or Snapchat.'
	 b'I have Twitter, but I never use it.'
	 b'Yeah. I am not hooked on social media luckily. The only thing I use it for are keeping track of people I know and stalking people I don;t.'
	 b'Or to browse instagram. haha.'
	 b'What kind of funny stuff? Wait on instagram? I am really not on instagram that much though.'
	 b'i sometiem come across the same meme from 3 different account that I follow. Some times its annoying. Instagram just needs to change their algorithm.'

Hub:        280
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.18278575936953226
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I thought murder was taking a life? Though a computer is indistinguishable from a human, it is still not human.'
	 b'you think its murder to turn off a computer that is like a human?'
	 b'hmm. so if we created a robot taht is almost like us is it murder?'
	 b"Hmm I suppose it would depend on the situation. Well no it's not murder my dude. Walle is distinguishable from a person so that would be different. Also hello again."
	 b"I don't think so. Just because it's indistinguishable, doesn't mean it's really alive."
	 b"whale considering it's a computer, then nah it's not murder."

Hub:        281
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.17548428972562155
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha yeah. I just really struggled in the class. I had so much going on this last semester though, so glad it's over."
	 b'I have really enjoyed it! I actually had to retake it after last semester. I had to just walk out of Midterm 2 because I had no idea what was going on.'
	 b"hahaha yeah i could see that happening. but i bet it will be bad for grades. in fact i should really stop right now. but it's so hard."
	 b'i know. right? thats why i changed my major to something else. again... last time though.'
	 b"Overall? Pretty pleased. I somehow aced every class this semester. So, with these finals in place, they're solidified. I'm not really sure how it happened. I'm . . . heh, really surprised. Very happy. Very grateful."
	 b'Fair. I have all of my finals due before the last days of classes except marketing. It\xe2\x80\x99s insane. Ah, I just looked up the Jack Sutton you mentioned, he\xe2\x80\x99s four years behind me, so we weren\xe2\x80\x99t in school together at all.'

Hub:        282
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1263830562432607
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha. i do not know anything about nebraska. is it pretty cold there then, since you dont think its cold in utah im assuming its pretty cold there. im from northern california where it gets to 115 degress every summer so utah is cold to me.'
	 b'It gets pretty cold. Like where in February if it\xe2\x80\x99s in the 30s I want to wear shorts. It\xe2\x80\x99s just so flat nothing stops the wind. Oh, cool. California. Yeah, it must be cold in Utah.'
	 b'I take for granted the beauty of Utah. I was born and raised here in Utah. I love that that there are four seasons. I have family in Arizona, and it is practically summer. All year long. What is the weather like from the part of Brazil you are from?'
	 b'I live in Arizona. In the part with no seasons, just hot and HOT.'
	 b'Maybe 10 degrees colder, and then it would be nice, the ice caps wouldnt be melting. I am in utah still, but like 10 degrees changes a lot if you are already somewhere that is pretty extreme, You know? Like if you are near a dessert or someplace that gets to 120, like redding california, 130 would be terrible. Or if you get somewhere that has like a low of 40 and then all of a sudden its 30 things start freezing that never froze before.'
	 b'thats weird, I always assume that if you go south it gets warmer. but i guess that ends at somepoint.'

Hub:        283
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.24314939975738525
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah it is definitely cheaper.'
	 b'Yeah it was expensive.'
	 b'Exactly, and it would be cheaper buy cutting out the middle man.'
	 b'yeah it is way decent especially considering the amount they are getting. it makes perfect sense.'
	 b"Yep. Physiology, for $15. It's usually about $170."
	 b'thats true. premium experience premium price.'

Hub:        284
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.19608894983927408
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh cool! that is so cool. i think 3D printing is really cool. I want to work with that someday.'
	 b"Wow that's actually really cool not gonna lie. You use the 3d printer to make everything after you've designed it?"
	 b'That is neat. Too bad you did not have any more money for materials. Maybe that is something you can do in the future, build robotic birds:).'
	 b'That is so cool. Have you been down to the libraries 3d printer?'
	 b"Haha I feel ridiculous. That's super cool. Is there a way for non design students to see what is being sold? If it's actually improved then I totally want to try it."
	 b'That is a good way to think of them. I have helped build some really nice big ones, and it does make me want to get one some day.'

Hub:        285
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15953680872917175
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh hi casey. im Alena.'
	 b"hi. i'm Courtney."
	 b'lol. My name is Casey by the way.'
	 b'Nice to meet you Alena.'
	 b"hey, shaw! it's me Sophia again!"
	 b'woah Erica is that your goal?'

Hub:        286
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.2041305402914683
Sample Utterances:
	 b"What? That's crazy. I forget some people from high school. Anyways, I was like, uh excuse me, are you so and so? And she had this shocked look and said yes, and then we awkwardly reconnected and then I went back to work. Mostly remembering people when they don't remember you is awkward."
	 b'I dont remember it very well. but here it goes. so. i was at the lunch table talking to my friends. and someone was telling me about some girl at the table behind us. and they mentioned their name. so i turned around to see that they were there and they made eye contact. but it was the wrong person. so i said hey so and so and it was really embarassing because it was someone that no one even knew and i totally called them by the wrong name. i think my face went bright red hahahaha.'
	 b'Sometimes I think it\'s crazy how you "know" someone. I have a really good memory. I often have to pretend I don\'t remember people\'s names so I don\'t come off a bit creepy.'
	 b'The few times where that\'s happened to me, I usually brush it off and say, "Oh, no, you\'re fine. We didn\'t know each other very well.".'
	 b'That is cool.  I was talking to another person earlier and they were in school too and they had to suddenly end our chat and go to their next class.'
	 b'I might even just let you keep doing it for a while. Walk up and give you a five dollar bill tip. Wow everyone is getting up turns out the ugliest people get out at about 530. Earliest. Oh my gosh Siri cracks me up so much. I guess they could be ugly I can\xe2\x80\x99t really see them all that well. When did passed me in a suit and another lady passed me on a bike.'

Hub:        287
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1486523449420929
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh nice! That's cool! Were you visiting family, or?"
	 b'Thats cool. Are you staying in Heratige or helaman?'
	 b'Oh cool.  I bet you got some great pictures!  Do you have family there or was it just to sight see?'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s cool! My dad served there too. How was it?'
	 b'Oh nice! My brother lives there. There are perks to going foreign or staying state side.'
	 b'Cool. was it districts for Thespian Festival?'

Hub:        288
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.21603582302729288
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I think you have a good point though, but I just know we aren't supposed to talk about church things here."
	 b"like I love the church and the doctrine is sound, but there's just some part of me that doesn't feel nice yknow."
	 b'the church is pretty reliable. but liKE.'
	 b'woah. talk about a confessional. well then i guess i have something to confess too.'
	 b'I went to California, but hey they asked us to try and stay away from topics specific to the church on here. Maybe we could talk about something else.'
	 b'And no im not usually the scapegoat, my bro is usually the one who gets mad and stuff. Thats cool, you dont have to. Im just some random guy you met on a BYU chat :). Since you dont want to talk about that... Have you seen infinity war yet!?!?!'

Hub:        289
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.20552802085876465
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh, it is GOLD. It is basically about a single dad with 3 daughters who meets a woman at a book shop and he falls in love with her only to find out she's dating his brother. it is HILARIOUS."
	 b'Its a romance, but its super funny.'
	 b'The premise of both is that there are a couple of twin siblings, and the girl pretend to be her brother, she falls in love with a guy that loves another girl. At the end. her brother comes back and the other girl falls in love with him because she was in love with his sister. and everyone ends well in a couple.'
	 b'"A sensitive and soulful man earns a living by writing personal letters for other people. Left heartbroken after his marriage ends, Theodore (Joaquin Phoenix) becomes fascinated with a new operating system which reportedly develops into an intuitive and unique entity in its own right. He starts the program and meets "Samantha" (Scarlett Johansson), whose bright voice reveals a sensitive, playful personality. Though "friends" initially, the relationship soon deepens into love.". Yeah it is.'
	 b"It's a coming of age novel about a girl growing up in Brooklyn, New York around 1910-1920."
	 b"While you were sleeping sounds creepy but its actually really cute. Theres like a misunderstanding in a hospital, and the nurse thinks the girl is this guys fiance. and the nurse tells the guy's family. and the family gets really excited and she's too embarrassed to say shes not. its my favorite romcom."

Hub:        290
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.10121434926986694
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha, not like that. ;).'
	 b'Hahaha thats what i mean.'
	 b'oooh yeah thats not good. Lets move on to something else haha.'
	 b'haha yeah. I thought most would like that.'
	 b'AHH CMON MAN.'
	 b'haha. what would you say?'

Hub:        291
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.19369476040204367
Sample Utterances:
	 b'The a million dreams song.'
	 b'I was think All Star, by Smash Mouth.'
	 b'Currently probably shape of you by ed sheeran.'
	 b'when you\'re with me baby - Selena Gomez, "Naturally".'
	 b'Aaaaaa wait no these words by natasha beddingfield is really good too.'
	 b'Sombody. *Somebody.'

Hub:        292
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1537519097328186
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh wow!!! That's cool? Puerto Rico? Have you ever been. *!"
	 b'Oh my goodness youve gotten around the globe. I have been to mexico and all over the US.'
	 b"Aw, that's a bummer:( I bet Puerto Rico was beautiful though! Did you go zip lining? And yes I have:) I 've been to Norway and Denmark:)."
	 b'ooh yeah me too actually. I never been to that part of Mexico.'
	 b'do you visit the us for family or just for fun or what?'
	 b'have you taken american heritage yet?'

Hub:        293
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.06291613976160686
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeahhhhh.'
	 b'YEAHHHHH!!!!!'
	 b'yeaaaa.'
	 b'yeeeee.'
	 b'YEAAHHH.'
	 b'yuuuuup.'

Hub:        294
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1963200867176056
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah it's such a good movie, super sad though."
	 b"It's a great movie, but it also made me cry. And I'm not openly emotional."
	 b"Yep that is so true! I love that movie! Sorry I had to go run and do something so that's why I just disappeared for a few minutes!"
	 b"yeah I know right? I also love the movie about President Monson's life. It is so inspiring."
	 b"there you go. That's the only courage you'd ever need. Plus, most movies work out in the end."
	 b"Same here.  I could stomach the movies for a bit, but now I'm just burnt out."

Hub:        295
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.05880158146222433
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have no idea.'
	 b'I have no idea really.'
	 b'uhhh I have no clue. maybe?'
	 b'im not sure. ill have to ask.'
	 b'No idea. I just do.'
	 b"Something like that? I don't know..."

Hub:        296
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.09052092830340068
Sample Utterances:
	 b'cool. good chatting with you, see ya.'
	 b'Great chatting with ya!'
	 b'Nice chatting! See you later!'
	 b"Sweet. Alright, I'm taking off. Nice chatting with you.  Enjoy your evening."
	 b"I'll see ya. Have a good one. And good luck chatting."
	 b'You, too! Thanks for a pleasant chat.'

Hub:        297
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15874619285265604
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so much that when i was sleeping the night i had a nightmare about spiders and when i woke up my pillowcase had little tiny flowers printed on it and it was dark so i imagined. them moving and i was convinced they were spiders.'
	 b'so grossssss. I am afraid of spiders because a big black spider landed on my should when I was younger. and that scarred me ever since.'
	 b'appreciated that so she would come sleep on me and i would form a four with my legs as i slept with one leg strait and the other bent so my foot was resting on my leg right be. below my knee. this formed a little cavity that was the perfect size for kitty to curl up and sleep in and i remember as a child when i would have nightmares she was almost. so it seemed concious of this and would come comfort me when i was afraid of the dark, i remember being afraid to move when i was scared because i thought if any aliens were.'
	 b'i remember there was this group of people that went into some remote jungle in the amazon or somewhere thats nearly unexplored and that there was a spider that propelled itsel. down from a tree onto a person and took a ride back with them to the states and it turned out to be a really crazy really posiouness spider that could repopulate super fast. s. so they got into the home and i remember the spider was using its web stuff to come down off a lamp on the ceiling ontop of these teenagers watching a movie and that scared me.'
	 b'When I was little we were at the hosipital. and I went into one of those restrooms with automatic swtiches. And the lights went out. and I was still terrified of the dark. It felt like I was in there for hours too scared to move.'
	 b'hahahaha yeah, my parrot is a smaller one and he is just a colorful fluff, and he likes to snuggle my neck. Thats why I love him. But spot on with the beady eyes. those can be terrrifying. My roommate has an alarm that sounds like seagulls and the first day it went off I almsot fell out of bed. I couldnt figure out why seagulls were in my room and it was terrifying.'

Hub:        298
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.11400891343752544
Sample Utterances:
	 b'are you an incoming freshman?'
	 b'so. are you an incoming freshman?'
	 b"That's pretty cool! Are you a incoming freshman or a student."
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m from California! (:. Are you an incoming freshman? (Maybe this chit-chat-challenge is for incoming freshman only, I\xe2\x80\x99m not sure).'
	 b'So will you be a freshman this fall? I am really glad they opened this up to incoming students.  The last round had a lot less people and the discussions got stale. Have you decided whether you will be staying on or off campus?'
	 b'Is your best friend from high school coming along or are you to on separate college journeys?'

Hub:        299
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1779542068640391
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah.  My dad\xe2\x80\x99s family lives in Malawi and my dad grew up in Portugal.'
	 b'my gradparents are from there, moms side from the south my the islands and dads side from the nothern part by florence. no I am from Brazil, my grandparents moved there before I my parents were born and I was born there.'
	 b'My grandfather immigrated from Denmark when he was little, and I would love to see where he was born.'
	 b'no, i\xe2\x80\x99m actually half portuguese.  my grandparents and father are portuguese and  malawi used to be an African colony, so that is why they live there. sorry, Malawi used to be a portuguese colony.'
	 b'My immediate family is with me in the U.S. but my cousins, uncles, aunts, etc are all in Korea.'
	 b'yup. dad worked at a uni over there.'

Hub:        300
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.10243278741836548
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have to go, but it was nice talking to you!'
	 b'I have to go. It was nice talking to you.'
	 b'Ah. I have to go. It was nice meeting you!'
	 b'Sometime after May 15th I think. I have to go, but it was nice talking to you.'
	 b'yeah it will be cool to see what they get from this. Hey I have to go, but it was nice talking to you!'
	 b'Hey i got to go. See ya, sorry this was so abrubt! Yeah me too! Have a good one!'

Hub:        301
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.18840311964352927
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Not if you do it  enough, not to mention in helps with muscle definition. That\xe2\x80\x99s a lot of the bodybuilders secret you know. Stretching is just as important as lifting.'
	 b'I guess you could do body building.'
	 b"WOW. okay maybe not. i'm not a bodybuilder so i really wouldn't know."
	 b'Thats nice. Yeah I just cant squat or powerclean.'
	 b'Yeah. Its also not all that great for your joints.'
	 b'theres a youtube channel where this guy researches real studies and explains the exercise science behind it. debunks fitness myths and stuff like that.'

Hub:        302
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.03943161169687907
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh that makes sense.'
	 b'ah, makes sense.'
	 b'Oh I see, makes sense.'
	 b'Oh well that makes sense I guess.'
	 b'Oh. That makes more sense.'
	 b'That makes sense.'

Hub:        303
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.21850616733233133
Sample Utterances:
	 b'gotta help these kids grow up good.'
	 b'Sounds about right for kids!'
	 b"hey grow up but don't grow up!"
	 b'kids are inevitable. dude van life for life.'
	 b"that's cool. except we're teenagers, we don't speak the best."
	 b'Coaching kids?'

Hub:        304
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.19134506583213806
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I KNEW JAE SOUNDED FAMILIAR. HAHAHA. I know you.'
	 b'Do you know who I am haha?'
	 b"I was kinda hoping it was you but didn't wanna say anything. LOL. tell andrew I said hELLO. WELL dawg this is AMAZING."
	 b'I know it is cool. I just wanted to ask? who knowwwwwwsss????????'
	 b"Oh for real? The name's Blake Walker nice to meet you man. So are you on here because of that presentation those people gave in BUSM 241?"
	 b"Oh! I think I might've met Jaezo. He didn't tell me his screenname though. I was talking to a girl about Avengers. I think her username is Celeste."

Hub:        305
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.19519203901290894
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Probably not, no. :(. I wonder if something like that could still work on fuel like gas, because solar power would be the best.'
	 b'Would it run on gas?'
	 b'But yeah, the biggest hurdle to clean energy is the time it takes to pay itself off. if it does at all.'
	 b'Niiice. I wonder how much gas would fit in the tank or if it would be powered by the sun...'
	 b"I don't think that would generate much energy."
	 b"mmm true, that would definitely influence me. I have no money so if it required gas I wouldn't get too far."

Hub:        306
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.18168298403422037
Sample Utterances:
	 b'mmmm. that would be so cool. you think flying cars are actually viable in the future?'
	 b'Oh yeah, I remember that now :). Well, think about how the population thrived just fine without cars. Would a flying car really help development? I think of all technologies, the most helpful would not be a. flying car. But I could be mistaken.'
	 b"SO flying cars. what's your take."
	 b'YES. i honestly think cars should stay on the ground. like idc how cool it is, i still wanna look up at the sky every now and then and not have cars zooming past yknow.'
	 b"If I had a flying car I wouldn't still be in Utah."
	 b'Oh man, have researchers even looked into that? It may literally be the missing ingredient to their flying car dreams.'

Hub:        307
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.07574623823165894
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh thats the worst.'
	 b'ahhhh thats the worst.'
	 b'Oh wow. That is always the worst.'
	 b"IT'S THE WORST!"
	 b'oh i get it. yeah that is the worst.'
	 b'Oh those suck.'

Hub:        308
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14140684405962625
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Why, everything does! I play piano and guitar and i have perfect pitch, which means i can listen to songs and play them by ear and i can name notes that i hear and can sing notes without a referenc.'
	 b"I can kinda read music, but I can't sight read very fast, it's honestly easier for me to play by ear. If I practice a song over time reading it, I just play it until I can memorize it. piano. ukulele. guitar."
	 b'I enjoy playing and listening, i have perfect pitch and i enjoy how playing makes me feel.'
	 b"Hahaha yeah but volume on a string instrument is different than a wind one. Sometimes I wish i played a string instrument because it's not based on air support."
	 b'I can recognize notes and what pitches they are, it helps in picking up songs from only listening to them.'
	 b'That is true as well. I can barely understand music and I can hear.'

Hub:        309
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.052462220191955566
Sample Utterances:
	 b'what.'
	 b'What.'
	 b'What?'
	 b'Wait what?'
	 b'what? lol.'
	 b'What what?'

Hub:        310
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.13967779278755188
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's awesome! That's just like my family, except I only have 5 younger siblings. How old is your youngest sibling?"
	 b'Aw thats so cute, I have three so not a lot for a mormon family lol, but i have two younger sisters and one little brother. how many siblings do you have?'
	 b'Oh cool I just figured your parents would move closer to your college if you were the last one. Haha oldest kids for the winnnn. How many siblings do you have?'
	 b'Awh. That is a lot. I just have the one, I cant imagine living with that many siblings.'
	 b'5 is still a lot! Do you get along with them well/. ? My littlest brother is about to turn 10. How about yours?'
	 b'Oh so the baby is only a couple years apart from you. Brothers or sisters or both?'

Hub:        311
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16195679704348245
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah I started school after about like two weeks.'
	 b'Yeah exactly! I got back in august. I went straight to school and have been here ever since.'
	 b'I got an email about it from the first year experience thing and I start in June! I go from a senior in high school to a freshman in college within two weeks haha.'
	 b'I chatted a bit. It\xe2\x80\x99s my first day of no high school. So it\xe2\x80\x99s just been amazing because of that.'
	 b'Oh I have always wanted to. It started in 4th grade I think.'
	 b'Like 1. I made it on 1 and I went through all of school and took a final even.'

Hub:        312
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.08540087938308716
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That sounds awesome!'
	 b'That sounds amazing.'
	 b"You're good! haha that sounds awesome!!"
	 b'Ew, that sounds awesome.'
	 b'That sounds great.'
	 b"That's so cool!! That sounds like an amazing opportunity."

Hub:        313
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1812636355559031
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh that's awesome!!!! I bake. Cook, and I like spending time with my little niece's and nephews."
	 b'I love to cook/bake and spend time with my nieces and nephews.'
	 b"That's neat! I love cooking and baking! My sister in law has taught me just about everything I know. What kind of movies?"
	 b'baking and piano! that is awesome. My mom started to want to bake so I bought her a kitchenaid for her birthday couple weeks ago and now she just bakes cookies all the time. It was a good investment.'
	 b'Thank you! :) Awww being an aunt or uncle is like the best job! :). I love my nieces and nephews.'
	 b'I think mine is the same. The kitchen just brings the people togther and food and desserts are made.'

Hub:        314
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.06424416104952495
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Where are you from?'
	 b'oh wow. where are you from?'
	 b'where you from?'
	 b'where are you from Pito?'
	 b'lolzz. where are you from?'
	 b'Where do you live in and all. Where do you lie.'

Hub:        315
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.18018434445063272
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh, cool! And you're almost done. That's always good."
	 b'Oh, that is very well prepared of you :) Good job, being so on top of it.'
	 b'Haha well that is good. So are you just getting started then.'
	 b'oh I see. almost done. finish up strong!'
	 b'that is always nice. I wish I had a longer break before I did anything.'
	 b'Oh yeah, so this is was your first year?'

Hub:        316
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.16203725337982178
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Bbq chicken is the best.'
	 b'I love chicken!!'
	 b'Haha chicken roll those are pretty good.'
	 b'Oh corn chowder is so good.'
	 b'how do you wanna make the chicken. fried?'
	 b"You're wise. Beef is best."

Hub:        317
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.12681633234024048
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah. Lol, I love naruto, once I get done with the episodes I was planning on going on to Baruto too. favorite animes? hmm, I love the Blue Exorcist, that one is really good, I also love Naruto, Say "I Love You", and My hero academia (although I only watched the first 2 ep of. it).'
	 b"yes i love fmab!! lol that was actually my first anime. i haven't rewatched it in ages but i seriously need to."
	 b'Well that is only some of what I have. i do watch anime too, but not as much as i used too. Full Metal Alchemist brotherhood is  my favorite. just rewatched it too.'
	 b'ive seen all of it and now im watching boruto its really good. im way into it. naruto was my first anime so i have a pretty big affinity with it. what about you do you have any favorite animes?'
	 b"I just finished deathnote. i really enjoyed it actualyl. I wasnt sure at first but the ending was like WHAAATTT. Other than that I've really enjoyed Sword Art Online and Attack on Titan. you know the basics hahaha."
	 b'ooh I love that show so much! Deku is my favorite!!!'

Hub:        318
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.20656484365463257
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Well, it would be murder if the person's life depended on it."
	 b"I don't think that's possible so it couldn't be murder. what do you think?"
	 b"Yep agreeing. Not really murder if they're not alive. I'm a girl."
	 b'Well murder is defined as an killing a human against the law. So by that definition, no it would not be.'
	 b'Wow. That is sad....did you actually find a dead body? How were the people you taught? NO WAIT.'
	 b"It doesn't have a story or tradition. It's usually a psycho torturing people."

Hub:        319
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.13940319418907166
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Basically me every time.'
	 b'Oh. that is me every time.'
	 b'yessss. relatable.'
	 b'Its a good feeling.'
	 b'I face palmed. so hard.'
	 b'Oh the joys of being an adult.'

Hub:        320
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1482232908407847
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Wow! That's an awesome talent! i play piano too."
	 b"That's cool! I actually play piano, it's pretty fun."
	 b"That's so awesome! Piano is such a great skill, and it's so important to know for church and life."
	 b"That's so cool! My little brother plays violin, I've always wanted to learn it too."
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s so cool, it takes some talent to dance!'
	 b'that\'s really cool. I admire people who pursue things they are good at because they know it will benefit the greateer good. so click"y" music and click"y" math, eh?'

Hub:        321
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.13343210021654764
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am not a dramatic person in person, but I guess in my dreams. No, Like even in my dream I didnt do anything crazy. But it woke me up. Another dream I bought too many bananas and It woke me up because I was frustrated with yself. myself*.'
	 b'Haha that is funny, I think I might think its a dream, I would probably be close to a solid day before I realized it wasnt a dream. What would be the weirdest dream you have had.'
	 b"I guess that makes sense. I think that's probably why I woke up so quickly the few times I actually controlled my dream. I was creating firearms out of thin air and flying. around, my mind was bound to catch up to me sometime. But it's weird how controlling wakes you up, but having a crazy dream doesn't always do that."
	 b'Ohhh I have dreams like that. Like where something really disappointing happens. I am usually really glad when I wake up lol.'
	 b'I do remember part of a dream so I guess I slept some.'
	 b'Dreams can be so weird. I dont know about today, but a weird one I had recently was strange. Not for like crazy things. But my main food are potatoes. And I like a certain kind. And In my dream I went to the store to buy more and they didnt have the kind I liked. For some reason I overreacted and it woke me up.'

Hub:        322
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1248151461283366
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What are you eating for lunch?'
	 b'now that you mention it I am really hungry haha. what are you eating?'
	 b'Hahaha. Yeah. What are you eating for dinner tonight?'
	 b'im eating donkatsu and rice. what are you making?'
	 b'woah you at that dinner so fast! what did you eat?'
	 b"Breakfast dessert. If you didn't have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time? Napping does not count."

Hub:        323
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.11525816718737285
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am, haha.'
	 b"I'm not haha."
	 b'maybeeee. haha yeah i am.'
	 b'i am here haha.'
	 b'No haha. But i pass through every once in a while.'
	 b'Oh yeah. I am a little bit air headEd sometimes.'

Hub:        324
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15302915374437967
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha, not sure who that is.'
	 b'Oh that makes a lot more sense. ha ha I have no idea who that guy is.'
	 b'i have no idea who that is, not gonna lie, but that sounds about right haha.'
	 b'no i have no idea who they are.'
	 b'no idea i just heard it from the guy im talkning to. I thought the name was hilarious.'
	 b'Haha what is Al?'

Hub:        325
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15434768795967102
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's deep...I loved that movie."
	 b'Oh my goodness, I love that movie.'
	 b'I liked that movie too.'
	 b'Haha wow that sounds like s pretty interesting movie also!'
	 b'wait wrong movie. dang your smart.'
	 b'i think i saw it, with clint eastwood.'

Hub:        326
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.15203863382339478
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hi! So many of these chats no one replies. It is so werid.'
	 b'I seriously have some of the most interesting conversations in this chat room.'
	 b"Finally another person is on! Everytime I go on to chat, there isn't anyone there."
	 b'Haha. I keep opening chats, and nobody replies.'
	 b'Hello! What am I chatting about?'
	 b'Chatting with strangers, I thought it was obvious.'

Hub:        327
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14963436126708984
Sample Utterances:
	 b'pay for all of college.'
	 b"Pay for college so I don't have student loans."
	 b'We can split the tips to pay for college!'
	 b"Let's do it! Get money for college!"
	 b'well college is expensive. i mean there are lots of ways to pay for it but it can be difficult.'
	 b"I'd pay for all of my college first lol."

Hub:        328
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.13181424140930176
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Cool. What languages do you know?'
	 b'Oh what language?'
	 b'Out of curiosity are you studying any languages besides English. ?'
	 b'Wow!  I\xe2\x80\x99m impressed!  How many languages do you speak?'
	 b'Sick! Thats awesome! Congrats! What language do they speak there?!'
	 b'...nice description. What was learning the language like?'

Hub:        329
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.06059279044469198
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha that's a good one."
	 b'Haha thats a good one.'
	 b"Hahah that's a good one."
	 b'hahaha i get it. thats a good one.'
	 b'Ha, I\xe2\x80\x99ve heard that one.'
	 b'haha thats a good one. what else?'

Hub:        330
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1440343757470449
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I would absolutely love to travel the world! I haven't ever had the opportunity, but there are several countries I would love to visit sometime. I've always been interested in foreign cultures and languages as well."
	 b"That's cool. I wanted to go to the study abroad in Jerusalem, but I wouldn't be able to take classes for my major there. My childhood dream is to travel around the world."
	 b"Oo that would be fun; I love architecture! I have a family from Spain in my neighborhood and she always makes the most amazing food! I would want to go on a bunch of beautiful. hikes in Ireland, and in Romania I'd want to meet the people and experience their culture and lifestyle. Have you ever been outside of the U.S.?"
	 b'i would love to live in another culture. i served my mission in argentina and it was awesome to see another culture.'
	 b'That would not be the best place to visit! I would eventually like to visit Jerusalem, but it is also not the most safe place in the world. I would also like to visit Greece. And Rome. I enjoy learning about ancient history. Percy Jackson was one of my favorite book series growing up. I also would like to visit Finland. I served in St. Petersburg,. Which is right across the border. I also would like to go to Rio. After seeing the cartoon with the blue bird, it has been a dream. Basically, I want to go everywhere.'
	 b"Oh that would be really cool! That's very true! I think I would do the same, maybe travel and do humanitarian work too. That would be cool to be able to help other people and experience new cultures."

Hub:        331
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.2357681393623352
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s awesome i used to drive a manual pt Cruiser.'
	 b"cars are important and convenient. I bought a jeep Grand cherokee for my first car last year and I regret it so much. it has so many problems. I don't recommend it."
	 b'Thats at least 16 years down the road. But my dad hated to adjust the seats and mirrors, and i do too! Dude. Please start inventing that!!!!'
	 b'Agreed. But always include a manual safety feature too, just in case something goes wrong with the AI.'
	 b'You sound like me and my car--oh, gosh, I have to renew that book. But the back of my car is ridiculous.'
	 b'i\xe2\x80\x99ve always kinda wondered what driving stick is like\xf0\x9f\xa4\xb7\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc\xe2\x80\x8d\xe2\x99\x80\xef\xb8\x8f.'

Hub:        332
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.11414168278376262
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Okay, good talking to you.'
	 b'Hahah. have a good day. good talking to you.'
	 b'Ok nice talking.'
	 b'Okay, have a good day!'
	 b'Hmm, interesting point. Alright well nice chatting i gotta go. Peace.'
	 b"(I'm not silent, by the way. I'm reading over your comments and really pondering them.)."

Hub:        333
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1702166199684143
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hey its you.'
	 b'hey. its u again!'
	 b'hey is that you again?'
	 b'No way its you again. That was random.'
	 b'sHHHHH. i believe in ya.'
	 b'hey its you again! oh same. I love the greatest showman.'

Hub:        334
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.18127450346946716
Sample Utterances:
	 b'heyyy hahaha. besides tithing I would donate to the envrionment.'
	 b'hey whats up GIRL. besides Tithing I would say I would donate to some environmental stuff.'
	 b"First I'd pay tithing, then buy a car."
	 b'That is very true. Good tithing comes first of course, unless you won the lottery.'
	 b'I honestly love how the Church spends tithing and donations. I really back up anything they decide to donate too, especially with the humanitarian relief efforts.'
	 b'It says my body is a temple therefore I\xe2\x80\x99m a church and am exempt from taxes.'

Hub:        335
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.12317801515261333
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yooooo. long time no chat!'
	 b'heyyyy. long time no chat.'
	 b'hey did the chat refresh again?'
	 b'yo this chat is dying what the frick.'
	 b'niceeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!! goood work! when do you start? your other chat just sent me like 20 messages that were all the same thing. glitchhh.'
	 b'hi Erica! sorry we had to reset chat.'

Hub:        336
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1726327339808146
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah, hopefully traffic wont be too bad or anything. The weather has been really nice, it rained this morning and a little last night but now the sun is coming out.'
	 b"Not too bad, it's stopped raining so I'm pretty happy about that."
	 b'hahah I think you are right. I hope so too! Oregon can get kind of cloudy or foggy. I hope it will be warm enough! for me this weekend I am pretty booked haha.'
	 b"yeah I'm hoping the sun clears it up and there isn't too much wind."
	 b'Yeah I don\xe2\x80\x99t really like it but hey it makes me feel a lot more energized and active and that\xe2\x80\x99s fine. fun. Now it is raining really hard on my car.'
	 b'There are tons of people who are itnersted. sorry, keyboard malfunction again. I love the weather! I keep worrying it is going to randomly start snowing any minute. I feel a lot more people are outside today than they. Have been in the past few weeks! I went to the duck pond yesterday with my husband in the south of campus and watched lots of families taking walks. It is also fun to see the. Baby ducks!'

Hub:        337
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.13168261448542276
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Which one?'
	 b'Which one might that be.'
	 b'And which one was that?'
	 b'Which is?'
	 b'Ah and this is which one.'
	 b"Who's the second one?"

Hub:        338
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1838969588279724
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's more than I have so congrats! Alright I have to take off but it was nice meeting you and I hope to talk again one day."
	 b"Whaaaaaat that's rad! Hard place to find happiness, but you two made it work! It is a tough language. I'm taking off to play some volleyball. Great to chat with you! Best of. luck!"
	 b'hey hope I run in to you again and talk more about climbing! I have so much to talk about.'
	 b"hahahahh that's cool. I love to make things from scratch. I'm sorry i gotta go, but it was super nice talking to you! have a great day."
	 b"Haha that's great. You're a swimmer? You must be really strong then. Full admiration. Ah, I gotta go. It was really nice meeting you Sydni!"
	 b'hey man(?) good luck on that. I wish you the best. accepting your date is a good sign though right?'

Hub:        339
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.13243845105171204
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Though it isn't widely spoken, Portuguese is pretty much a blend of a few other languages. You could learn to speak 4 languages by the time I learned 1."
	 b'portuguese is a romantic language, there are 5 romantic languages in the world today part of the latin dialect. Portuguese, italian, french, spanish and romanian. but then I came to the US to learn english and totally forgot french. It is such a hard language to learn.'
	 b'yeah. They are crazy good at understanding and speaking languages. but no asian languages.'
	 b'diferent than spanish that is spoken in like 439 countries in the world and is very usefull. I had to know because there are only a few of us portuguese speakers haha.'
	 b'It really is like learning a new language. My brain felt the same learning Spanish as it did learning to code.'
	 b'jump out of Latin based languages. and tackle some chinese.'

Hub:        340
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14744776487350464
Sample Utterances:
	 b"will be haha. thats awesome good for you man! You know I love reading but I hate it. because I have to read the book in one sitting or else for me its hard to pick up the book again. so I can't dedicate that kind of time anymore. Kind of sad really but I started to listen to eBooks and thats been really good. The last book I read was ready player one."
	 b"I haven't yet, but I'm like in the middle of reading the book and it's great. It was written in like 2011 or something and it's like a super fun look into the hopeful future for sure."
	 b'I think that\xe2\x80\x99s the kind of book that you can look really deep into it and still not get the meaning from everything so I really enjoyed it. I think about a lot and I still get more out of it each time I do.'
	 b"I feel the same way about books. You want all of your friends to read the book because it was so good, but you also don't want them to read it because then they'll talk about the book with you and they might have totally different opinions about the book, which can be either good or bad."
	 b"Yeah! There are few movies that are done almost as well as books. I haven't seen Ready Player One for this reason. I was kind of curious to see it, but I liked the book a lot, so I haven't. Well I think I'm going to take off, but it was a pleasure chatting with you. Have a great rest of your day and a good weekend!"
	 b'Nice. I am a bookworm so not reading would be devastating.'

Hub:        341
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.06472448507944743
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah that is crazy.'
	 b'Yeah its crazy!'
	 b'Yeah!!!! This is insane!!!'
	 b'yeah. no way. that is so crazy.'
	 b"Yes. that's crazy."
	 b'right??? CRAZY.'

Hub:        342
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.19097834825515747
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It's like, why open a chat if you don't respond?"
	 b"Or why bother opening a chat if you end it before someone says anything!!! That's just rude tbh."
	 b'Some people chat to just answer the question then they end it. What the heck.'
	 b'People talk to me. It gets so frustrating. Then its a gamble of who I will chat with next.'
	 b"Maybe that's like asking why this chat program has problems sometimes.  It just does."
	 b'this person literally just got on my chat and say my friend got called on a mission and left.'

Hub:        343
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.20488062500953674
Sample Utterances:
	 b'The church is filled with people who have done that. On my mission I kept running into people who wanted a different life, but weren\xe2\x80\x99t willing to do what was necessary to change it. And that was over 90 percent of people I met. It takes humility too.'
	 b'I met so many people and appreciated a new culture and I understood Christlike love a little better. it was the first time i really understood the scriptures that say the gospel will be preached in every tonuge and to every people.'
	 b"I know it's usually that way, but it can be frustrating. and i totally agree. i sat in on a guest lecture the other day in a marketing class and they talked a lot about the role religion had played in their career."
	 b'They would, i think it\xe2\x80\x99s ridiculous that people are so against such fundamental and good ideas. There is a reason that the Bible withstood time and was able to make it to now. And people still will do all they can to thwart and humiliate those that prosper through its principles.'
	 b'oh no it was ok in my mission. The rule was as long as it brings the spirit and helps us work with good attitude it was ok. I think a lot of missionaries took advantage though. I think the music rule depends on the mission president.'
	 b'Don\xe2\x80\x99t be afraid to stand up for your beliefs, if they cant respect you after wards then they are not worth talking to.'

Hub:        344
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.1876111924648285
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Hey, I gotta go. I'm gonna watch a movie with my family! :)."
	 b'Im watching krull with my family.'
	 b'oh nice. I\xe2\x80\x99m just watching a movie.'
	 b"good to know. those all sound sooo good. My brothers don't like chick flicks so we usually only get to watch them when they're on a campout or something."
	 b'i think my mom and dad watch that show. that sounds familiar. my roommate wants to hang out before we go to bed. ill probably talk to you sometime tomorrow though. see ya.'
	 b'What movie? Gone silent? Ive got to go for the moment i hope we chat later.'

Hub:        345
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.11706499258677165
Sample Utterances:
	 b"If they can build a team around Donovan Mitchell, mark my words, they will win a championship soon which hasn't happened in such a long time for the Jazz. Yeah Kyrie is out and so is Gordon Hayward but the Celtics play together as a team soooo well."
	 b'No other team in the NBA works together as well as the Dubs do. That team will be a power house for at least the next 3-5 years. I even heard that Klay will take a pay cut to stay on the Golden State to play with the team.'
	 b'Just imagine: the synergy of the Celtics team right now with the play making ability of Kyrie and scoring ability of Gordon.'
	 b'I was hoping they would move on and beat the Celtics. I really only watch the Celtics for Kyrie Irving.'
	 b"None of the Celtics players right now were super well known before the playoffs but because they have so much synergy together they're able to beat teams and continue."
	 b"I don't really like the jazz but Donovan Mitchell makes them worth it to see. He single handedly carried the jazz to the playoffs."

Hub:        346
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.23061329126358032
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's true. I think if the deal ended, it would be bad for both countries. But some people don't like the deal I guess. They think Iran didn't have to give enough up."
	 b'Yeah definitely. I imagine it is also a bit scary for iran since a big part of the world economy goes through the US.'
	 b'It is an agreement between Iran and a lot of other countries (like the US, France, Britain, etc.) where we agreed to take away some sanctions and Iran agreed to cut back on. their nuclear program.'
	 b'Recieve our visas. Because of the conflict between the United States and Russia, it might make it difficult. If we do not, we will go to Latvia instead. However, we are. Optimistic:). Yes, I agree. Translating is hard and tiring! It would take a lot out of us if one of us did not know th lagnague!'
	 b'On May 12th the deal needs to be renewed, but the US is thinking of not renewing it. Which is a little bit scary I think.'
	 b'Well.... it if was essentially a complete monarchy then... Makes sense.  I agree. Somewhat general though.'

Hub:        347
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.23123756051063538
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Boooo, yeah, that's true, I just REALLY want rad air travel. :). An air train just seems cooler than a plane too."
	 b'Germany... or Greenland! If I had warm enough clothes. It would definitely make flying cheaper, and there would be room for luggage with no fees.'
	 b"That's a really fantastic cause, what a great way to use kickstarter! A flying train would be the coolest thing too. That might be the safest way to air travel since a conductor would be in charge of it."
	 b"Yeah, most people get the sense that you spend a lot of time from family. but he'll be flying cargo planes. they rarely get deployed."
	 b'interesting. sounds like a plane? :) haha.'
	 b'yeah that is true. There would be a bunch of air getting in.'

Hub:        348
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.14066198468208313
Sample Utterances:
	 b'same but i do watch boruto and i have seen all of naruto so thats pretty awesome.'
	 b'love it. Ive seen all of naruto and now we are watching boruto.'
	 b'good. you should start watching Naruto Shippuden.'
	 b'i was talking about naruto but thats chill too. i need to rewatch the whole avatar the airbender scene. hey tell me why you like rock lee?'
	 b'yeah i watched like Naruto and Sword Art Online and Attack on Titan.'
	 b'hahaha I would definitely have the Naruto theme song!!!!'

Hub:        349
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.06176290909449259
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's good."
	 b'thats good.'
	 b'Thats good.'
	 b"That's good!"
	 b'heyyyy thats good!'
	 b'thats good. what will work.'

Hub:        350
Percentage: % 0.03
Dispersion: 0.028244823217391968
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Really? Why?'
	 b'really? why. ?'
	 b'really. ?? why.'
	 b'Oh really? Why?'
	 b'Really? lol why.'
	 b'lololololol really why?'

Hub:        351
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15683025121688843
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love the rain, but nature in general is awesome.'
	 b'For sure!! Tahoe is soo cool. And the water is beautiful!'
	 b'I love everything about the rain. I also really enjoy the snow, have you ever ridden a snowmobile?'
	 b'I love the rain.'
	 b'Yeah sunrooms are awesome, bug free and you get to enjoy the sun and sky.'

Hub:        352
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1631824016571045
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I was like \xe2\x80\x9coh no she didn\xe2\x80\x99t\xe2\x80\x9d.'
	 b'Yeah I think she just got scared.'
	 b'Haha just now telling her?'
	 b'She said this \xe2\x80\x9cI think this is crazy\xe2\x80\x9d.'
	 b'HOW DARE SHE.'

Hub:        353
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.150899338722229
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahah yeah. I was going to cook but. easier to get pizza.'
	 b'Haha well its not like a meal but usually a dessert. Sometimes pizza.'
	 b"i try to! but yknow that takes SKILLS which I unfortunately have not developed yet. DAAAWWWGGGG greasy pizza is so fricking good idc what anyone says. oh YES. it's such a handy tool when you're in college. like make a small batch at the beginning of the week for literally like $5. and then have pizza the whole week."
	 b'Hahaha. I dont know if there is currently any food to cook... thats the problem.'
	 b"SFL... 260? I think. It's pretty fun. You make food one day and literally just cook and then eat. There's like one big assignment where you have to prepare a meal at home alone."

Hub:        354
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.2355373740196228
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Kinda like, "Hey, here\'s some AI. Come chat.". Cool, cool. As per rules . . . I believe it has to do with both the length of your conversations and the amount of words you use. They\'re trying to get Alexa to hold a conversation for 20 minutes, if you recall.'
	 b'I think we would have a pretty ginormous problem on our hands. These prompts are getting a little repetitive haha. So my favorite word is floccinaucinihilipilification. I would much prefer to chat with someone. Helloooooo :). Hey, you, guess what?? I think you just open a bunch of chats, but then never talk, but so you can gain points just by having them open. Sly, but not the most efficient way to earn :) just an fyi ha.'
	 b"Don't remember, but I vaguely recall some youtube video discussing it, if it's the same thing. Do you think it could get so good at simulating conversations that people would genuinely befriend Alexa?"
	 b'double chat. two conversations at once! the beach or the mountains?'
	 b'It is way easier to just talk for a long period of time. Did you actually swear or did you just put stars.'

Hub:        355
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.08993350267410279
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahahaha . yikes.'
	 b'lol yikes.'
	 b'Haha understandably.'
	 b"ok. that's sad. hahaha."
	 b'hahahaha. typical reaction.'

Hub:        356
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11441072225570678
Sample Utterances:
	 b'where were you?'
	 b'where were you before lol ?'
	 b'Where were you visiting? :).'
	 b'Really? where was your first.'
	 b'you started what late?'

Hub:        357
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1583671450614929
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Gah, I have to go :(. I\xe2\x80\x99ve got work. But, it\xe2\x80\x99s been great chatting with you. Good luck with your boringness of a day!'
	 b'I actually have to go, but it was fun chatting with you. Hope you have a great day!'
	 b'I have to get going. Im done with work today. it was good chating with you man.'
	 b"He really is looking out for us! Well, Adam, it's been great chatting with you! But I have classes in the morning so I've got to sign off. Best of luck with everything in life. :)."
	 b"Indeed! And with the whole Modern Hippie movement, it's coming slowly. Lovely talking with you! Though I needs to do hw. Good luck on finalsQ. !"

Hub:        358
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1643831968307495
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha yeah Facebook is kinda lame no offense if you use it.'
	 b"Haha I was just looking through my facebook page and its soo old haha I haven't used facebook in like 2 years. Would you rather?"
	 b'hahaha. that is too bad. i like using facebook to see what people actually look like in real life.'
	 b'you had better be sorry! looking at my facebook at all?'
	 b'My other aunt uses insta kind of like facebook. But she\xe2\x80\x99s starting to get the hang of it.'

Hub:        359
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17335678339004518
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah it is. I really don\xe2\x80\x99t get you. I don\xe2\x80\x99t understand why you want to stay up so late.'
	 b'Yeah for sure. So why are you staying up so late?'
	 b'I just forget all the time later in the day. What are you serious why not?'
	 b"It's literally after 2 am (barely) why would someone log on now. I wouldn't log on now still. I prefer sleep."
	 b"It's practically midnight dude! Like really? That is just weird!"

Hub:        360
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.06334433555603028
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Im am doing well, thanks for asking. What are you up to tonight?'
	 b"I'm great too! what do you have going on today?"
	 b"I'm good! Just killing time until my friends get off work. How are you?"
	 b'im doing great! I was kind of feeling weak and quiiizy yesterday but today I feel way good. slept well. what are you up today?'
	 b"I'm doing well, thanks for asking! So any fun plans for you tonight? Are you there? Have a great evening!"

Hub:        361
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1440512418746948
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Lucky! I'm a high school senior, so I've got AP exams going on! What year are you?"
	 b'Are you a senior too? Which AP classes are you taking?'
	 b'yeah! and i took ap lit. what year are you in school?'
	 b"Oh that's exciting! Are you still a high school student? What AP test? Oh the memories haha."
	 b'you should try it before the school year ends. What have you got to lose?'

Hub:        362
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12852534055709838
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I just finished my third year.'
	 b'I just finished my junior year.'
	 b'I am starting my second year.'
	 b'First year. I was so excited when I got accepted too.'
	 b'Anthropology and I did a year.'

Hub:        363
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.2013329029083252
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Definitely. It could help in the medical field since a huge problem in the U.S. is the lack of nurses and doctors.'
	 b'I used to work for a company that built software for correctional facilities, and mental health is a big issue that nurses and doctors worry about.'
	 b"Has there been anything you've had to get over? That's true. So you haven't been accepted into the program yet? Scary. I know its extremely comeptative which is unfortuante because I think we are in such a huge need for. nurses."
	 b'oh. It would be about ML in healthcare. but it would be really bad.'
	 b'With doctors or rude men in general.'

Hub:        364
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12201701402664185
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah I guessed so.'
	 b'yeah. you guessed it.'
	 b'yeah i guss. guess.'
	 b'sure two more guesses. but thats it.'
	 b'Yup... I still suck at this... but I am going to guess you are siratus.'

Hub:        365
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10670745372772217
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That is an interesting way to put it!'
	 b'That is an interesting sentiment.'
	 b'that is a scary thought.'
	 b'Sounds like good reasoning.'
	 b'You are so right. Well put.'

Hub:        366
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14848290681838988
Sample Utterances:
	 b'have you read the book?'
	 b'and Id recommend the book.'
	 b'You should read it.'
	 b'I love history! Have you read the book Les Miserables?'
	 b'so you have read michael vey then?'

Hub:        367
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.013551568984985352
Sample Utterances:
	 b'good!'
	 b'Good.'
	 b'GOOD.'
	 b'good.'
	 b'Good, good.'

Hub:        368
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1479017734527588
Sample Utterances:
	 b'and that nice pair of headphones is yours.'
	 b'Why because you are getting a pair of headphones? ;).'
	 b'Nice! congrats. Is that for headphones still?'
	 b'Did you girlfriend decided to go for the headphones.'
	 b'Oh you should get the headphones anyways and less Jay will knock you out.'

Hub:        369
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15633947849273683
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Its the brain enhancing drug from the movie and no it isn't a real drug."
	 b'hahaha. limitless yes. i love that show. the closest drug that we have to that movie is adderall.'
	 b'whats NZT. is that a real drug?'
	 b"it treats NZT more like an addictive drug and the main character is an addict even to other drugs and it isn't the best I would say because of that."
	 b'Really think so? That\xe2\x80\x99s funny well conversations get really interesting when you\xe2\x80\x99re in the dead of night and you\xe2\x80\x99re both drunk on whatever acid it is it fills your brain.'

Hub:        370
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16328619718551635
Sample Utterances:
	 b'who have you talked to so far?'
	 b'Howd that start then? did someone contact you?'
	 b'yeah. how many people have you managed to connect with though?'
	 b'With him, I mean. Oh, really? Who were you speaking to?'
	 b"have you chatted with him yet? hahahahha. what's his story?"

Hub:        371
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14151009321212768
Sample Utterances:
	 b"But it's worth it?"
	 b'Exactly. not worth it.'
	 b'yeah but doable and worth it I think.'
	 b'oh ok. eh then I think its not really worth it.'
	 b"It's painful but worth it."

Hub:        372
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.19705045223236084
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah bridge jumping is probably even more intense. But maybe not as dangerous.'
	 b'Yeah it is nerve wracking. It is like ever bone in your body wants you to stay far from the edge. And not jump. And then you feel scared that if you don\xe2\x80\x99t jump far you will land on the rocks instead of the lake.'
	 b'Isn\xe2\x80\x99t that like cliff jumping?'
	 b'What don\xe2\x80\x99t you think about much. How long did it take you to decide to jump off that bridge where that Cliff for the first time.'
	 b'And it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t hurt when you crash like wake boarding.'

Hub:        373
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.04248740673065186
Sample Utterances:
	 b"what's your favorite food?"
	 b'Haha what is your favorite food?'
	 b'Yum.  whats your favorite food.'
	 b"What's your favorite type of food?"
	 b"It is one of my favorite meats. What's your favorite food."

Hub:        374
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16266735792160034
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's awesome!! I love how life works out like that.  And it's cool that you found a job and a field that you love, you seem passionate about it. I think that's super. important. What's the point of life if you get up hating what you do every day? That's what I think anyway."
	 b'yeah I love it. I hope you find something that you love and enjoy as your career.'
	 b"Wow that's amazing!! What are you wanting to do after college? I've volunteered with a few non profits around here with surf therapy events for the disabled and the paralyzed and it's amazing, that's an awesome field to go into."
	 b"Dang big goals! That's awesome that you are working towards them. I hate when people put down other's dreams just because they seem unattainable you know?"
	 b"That's good. I'm sure it is a very rewarding and very taxing type of job to have. That does sound very daunting. I know this isn't the best comparison but whenever I watch medical shows on TV I can't help but think about how much studying and training."

Hub:        375
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.21159399747848512
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha yeah. I mean I know people who do honors, but taking the regular classes are usually just as rigorous. Are you going to have a meal plan?'
	 b"ya I'd rather have time to enjoy college and not be stressing about honor classes all the time. Nope, no meal plan for me!"
	 b"Thank you. I feel bad for the actual full IB students, because they still have their science and Spanish/French exams. But at this point I'm. having a hard time being truly sorry. I approve of your breakfast. Bagels all the way. Plain?"
	 b"Ooh that's very exciting! Well don't be afraid to change it. Also take fun classes. Like SFL 110 I think? It's a cooking class, and pretty cool."
	 b'What is the difference between stac and intramural? And, who knows? maybe try fasting for it or something.'

Hub:        376
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1950144052505493
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha Its easier for me. I can draw what I see, and its hard to see something stylized.'
	 b'I do use photoshop quite a bit, but I do all different mediums as well.'
	 b"that's so cool! I love drawing too but im not very good but i find it fun."
	 b"I'm just bored in art cause I've given up on trying lol. Whats up with you?"
	 b'see if it was similar. Several times I had copy and pasted the exact same painting so it was easy!'

Hub:        377
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11170717477798461
Sample Utterances:
	 b"White Collar and Stranger Things are probably my favorites at the moment. YES! Seriously my friends and I started watching it because of how cute Neal is. The show wouldn't be nearly as funny without Mozzie."
	 b"No way I just started watching white collar!!! it's such a great show!"
	 b'He is amazing. It blows my mind everytime I watch it. I just wish I could be as smooth and smart as he is. New Girl is so funny!! Brooklyn 99 is a super funny cop show. kind of like a mix between white collar and parks and rec.'
	 b'I really like once upon a time and the office.'
	 b"Stranger things is really good, but I don't know if it's a show that I can rewatch multiple times. Mozzie is precious. His random things that he'll mention throughout the show are true treasure."

Hub:        378
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17288802862167357
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I mean, you have to know a LITTLE bit about computers to be able to build one.'
	 b'You built your own computer, and you know... stuff.'
	 b'Oh OK. I don\xe2\x80\x99t understand how building a computer make someone a computer nerd. You can literally just look it up on Google. To be honest I don\xe2\x80\x99t really fully understand what all the parts do you.'
	 b'can machines really learn?'
	 b'What is crazy is that we are working on helping the school with this project so that computers can learn converasational dialogue.'

Hub:        379
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12330094575881959
Sample Utterances:
	 b"No way I just started watching white collar!!! it's such a great show!"
	 b"White Collar and Stranger Things are probably my favorites at the moment. YES! Seriously my friends and I started watching it because of how cute Neal is. The show wouldn't be nearly as funny without Mozzie."
	 b'Oh my gosh. That is my favorite as well! I love White Collar! I am watching Brooklyn 99 right now and New Girl.'
	 b"I don't really remember. I guess I just started watching one day and really liked it. I like old TV shows because they tend to have better messages and more substance than new shows."
	 b'Haha that is pretty clever, ive never watched parks and rec before but i have seen the office.'

Hub:        380
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13995931148529053
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Summer. But I leave home on the 28th of may. I'm visiting Oregon for a few weeks before I start so it's super fast haha."
	 b'My family will move sometime around september to november to ny. But we will be moving to an apartment as early as june or july i think.'
	 b"Haha that's why I'm leaving for summer term June 3rd."
	 b'oh same! not quite so new but i just moved out in september.'
	 b"I'd love to go anywhere, and I think I can submit them this december??? I turn 19 next may, so I. am not sure yet."

Hub:        381
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17820974588394164
Sample Utterances:
	 b'and you were worried about me stalking you lol.'
	 b'ikr. also i swear im not a stalker i just wanted to see. but i think i totally found you on instagram. it got weird.'
	 b':). lol u now have all u need to stalk me. yikes. dont abuse it.'
	 b'ivyrosec. i could be wrong but it matches your IRC. and other factors that I have calculated. Im a weirdo please judge me hahaha.'
	 b'maybe you have a secret admirer.'

Hub:        382
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.07140885591506958
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha i hope so!'
	 b'hahaha I hope so.'
	 b'I hope so!'
	 b'Haha we will find out.'
	 b'I dont know why. Hahaha I am sure sooner than that.'

Hub:        383
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18906173706054688
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I would rather be on a date. I haven't gone on one in a while, but i am not in provo for the weekend. a good date."
	 b"Actually I do. I really want to go on a roller skating date, I've never been on one and sounds sublime. I also really want to go on a date that involves stalking another date and doing like espionage stuff."
	 b"my rule since being at BYU is for every girl I'm interested in I ask out 3 more. and never spend more than 10 dollars on a date."
	 b'uhhh best date....hmmm guy took me to the zoo and we just walked around. but also love dinner dates tbh.'
	 b'Definitely. It kinda stinks I went home for the summer because thats when its most popular. I have 5 weddings of friends happening in august.'

Hub:        384
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14910532236099244
Sample Utterances:
	 b'you know to be honest I tried to become more of an engineer but I am not super good at coding I found out so I looked into user experience design and it turned out that I am. pretty design oriented and have a good eye for design! so I design the app and tell the engineers what to do its pretty great hahaha.'
	 b'That\'s good to hear. So my brother works at the second floor of the library and does 3D modeling. He\'s never really done it before and has to learn CAD. Which you know so much about already. Anyway the "think tank" which is a study room that can be reserved as huge white boards that almost go down to your feet. There aren\'t any marker holders and so his manager asked him to make a marker holder using fusion 360 which is a CAD software. He spent a lot of time working on it and finally made a design with minimal design and that was also efficient. It had to make about three designs before he found one that was pretty good. It\'s was funny when he told me this story because he was so proud of learning the software and making his own little project. But i guess when someone starts off learning something and creates something worthwhile, it\'s kind of an ego boost haha.'
	 b'yeah its a lot of fun. I basically design the apps and tell the engineers to buildi t.'
	 b"my boyfriend is. and he's told me a lot about it. I am in industrial design and its also tech related. Its about product design and so I also can relate and vouch for that."
	 b'my favorite class was in last semester. basically we made a User Experience Design team.'

Hub:        385
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13004790544509887
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Mmhm, my mom makes some lasagna by using cheese raviolis as the middle.'
	 b'This nacho soup my mom makes and peas.'
	 b'Hm. My family is actually super simple with food we make. Spaghetti or meatloaf is probably the most familiar one. That being said, I love making curry with my sister or corn chowder.'
	 b'mmmhm. yeah it is. with some tomato basil soup it is perfection.'
	 b'My little sister has celiac (meaning she cannot eat gluten or wheat), so anytime I had the opportunity to eat pizza, it was glorious. I do not have a favorite pizza, but I do. Enjoy little Caesar\xe2\x80\x99s! It is hard to go wrong with pizza.'

Hub:        386
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.04704396724700928
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh ok.'
	 b'oh  ok.'
	 b'oh ok.'
	 b'Oh ok lol.'
	 b'Ahh okie.'

Hub:        387
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15007928609848023
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So kinda like a pediatrician major? Before med school?'
	 b"Yes for med school, but no for pediatrician. I don't know why the developmental part is in their. It's just premed."
	 b"Plus I don't want to do something as hands on as doctoring or dentistry. Oh yeah- is it your minor? biology I mean."
	 b'Yeah definitely. Is it medical or family science?'
	 b'A neurosurgeon??? Dude.'

Hub:        388
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1681952118873596
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I grew up in Nevada.  Its not Utah but there were a group of us that started the day in seminary together and then stuck together throughout the day and played the same sports. Some people say it is better to grow up in the "mission field" where Mormons are not very common verses in Utah or Arizona. There are a lot less fence sitters in the "mission field" -- you decide to live it or not.  In Utah there are some who have not decided what they believe and follow the crowd. For better or worse.'
	 b'lol but mormons up here are either weird or really stand offish and exclusive.'
	 b'There was someone that I talked to is from Florida and they aren\xe2\x80\x99t Mormon but they moved out to Utah because there\xe2\x80\x99s food family values and good influence here for the kids.'
	 b'na they are pretty generally atheist, but they are all members of the state church as tradition. Made life interesting as a missionary to say the least.'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s about a cult leader that bought a lot of land in Montana and its like a separate country. They believe that people need to go back to Adam and Eve type of living. I thought the plot was pretty clever, i also play some fortnite.'

Hub:        389
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.2014577269554138
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Usually you just find the difference between the two numbers and that is the number of people on. I still don't really believe there are 68 people on though. thats 34 conversations. If a conversation ends every 15 minutes."
	 b'Like sometimes it matters how many turns or how many conversations or how many words. but you never. know. really.'
	 b"it could be number zero. I've talked to him/her before."
	 b"I think when you've talked to a million people, it's a given that your memory starts failing."
	 b"Yeah I don't get that there are 371 people in 303 conversations."

Hub:        390
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14701608419418336
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh my goodness, i love root beer floats! Sorry, a&w just gets me.'
	 b'don\xe2\x80\x99t apologize.. root beer floats are another classic.'
	 b'hahahaha. I love lemonade. Especially when it is fairly tart/sour.'
	 b'yes! that\xe2\x80\x99s one of the things i love about like a&w is that they serve the root beer in these big frosty mugs haha.'
	 b'I used to love artificial strawberry flavoring as a child, in fact it was the only thing I liked, now I hate it.'

Hub:        391
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1234907865524292
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh very cool. did you enjoy it?'
	 b"oh wow. that's incredible. do you love it?"
	 b'Cool, and did you like it?'
	 b"You have? that's so cool! How was it?"
	 b'wow, thats really cool. do you like video games?'

Hub:        392
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16995849609375
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thats true, technology is taking over the world.'
	 b"It's kind scary to think about how fast technology is growing and how we as humans are evolving."
	 b'That is so fascinating. Technology enables us to do so many wonderful things.'
	 b'Thats unavoidable as technology progresses.'
	 b'i also like to use the news to look for recent developments in technology.'

Hub:        393
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14203474521636963
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are you winning?'
	 b'are you close to winning?'
	 b"So do you think you're going to get second place? Hahaha."
	 b'You know me ;). Have you done lots of chit-chatting? Are you going to win a prize?'
	 b'so how are you going to win?'

Hub:        394
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.21833178997039795
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey. How is it going. I really hope that they dont get a right to vote. They are made for our benefit, and if they influence laws, it would be like we are just used for their benefit. That would be way crazy. Like can you believe that.'
	 b'and i mean that is ok. but voting rights should never be an option. and they should be programmed not to request them.'
	 b"Hmm, you make a good point there. Though there is a bureaucracy in place so that the people can't get exactly what they want too soon and. rules put in place so that the govt can't do what they want too soon. At least in the US govt. For me."
	 b'I guess that\xe2\x80\x99s true, they probably want to integrate with society. I have to sign off for now, do you think we can pick this up next time I get on.'
	 b'How are they going to have people not give away their identities?'

Hub:        395
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.06232007741928101
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Why not?'
	 b'why not.'
	 b'why not?'
	 b'Not you? Why not?'
	 b'Why dont you like it.'

Hub:        396
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10531572103500367
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Aw thats so cute, I have three so not a lot for a mormon family lol, but i have two younger sisters and one little brother. how many siblings do you have?'
	 b"That's awesome! That's just like my family, except I only have 5 younger siblings. How old is your youngest sibling?"
	 b'How many siblings do you have?'
	 b"Oh little siblings are so cute! Do you get along with them well? Do they admire you and/or look up to you? My siblings don't! I have an older sister then 7 younger brothers and sisters so a pretty normal Mormon family I guess."
	 b'I have 2 brothers and 2 sisters. I feel bad for your poor brother.'

Hub:        397
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16337729692459108
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I haven't been a fan of most of Pixar's latest films. but I really like their classics like Finding Nemo, The Incredibles, Toy Story."
	 b"I'm surprised - usually the sequels and things that come after are just blatant money-grabs. I'll have to check it out. I also really like Megamind, although that's not Disney."
	 b'Thanks. I would have to say that my favorite childhood memory was Toy Story. I could really relate to that movie because I had a few favorite toys that were my world so I guess I just connected really well with the main characters.'
	 b'Have you seen up? the pixar movie. Same, I am home for summer.'
	 b'I did! It is so cute! If you liked finding Nemo, yuo would probably like finding dory. Dory is an adorable baby fish in it:).'

Hub:        398
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15817006826400756
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So basically the entire movie lol I did love the beginning though when they just got that place and were dancing on the roof ooo that was soo good. No kidding the soundtrack was probably the best part.'
	 b'Oooo definitely the ending bar scene when everyone is dancing.'
	 b'That was an amazing scene!!!!!!!!!!!'
	 b'I loved that it was so clean and just a great plot. And the art invovled with it. Like the dancing and filmwork was awesome too.'
	 b'well, my favorite scene would have to be either the scene where they are first little kids, him showing her the house, them growing up, getting married, having kids, and that. song was just sooo good.'

Hub:        399
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.2227871298789978
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah... i am allrgic to most animals.'
	 b'Not as much as a chipmunk.'
	 b'I can keep going with animal facts all day\xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'
	 b"Haha, I'd imagine. Humans are . . ."
	 b'I am trying to. Maybe a brown bear.'

Hub:        400
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17034436464309693
Sample Utterances:
	 b'He is a great guy.  In High School he was a bit misundestood because his conversations could so easily go over the head of most people. I agree.'
	 b'Like your comment.  I learned a lot from him.  He was always genuine and straight forward.  He never acted like he was talking about subjects to talk down to people. He was. just genuinely smart.  I like being around smart people.  Hence going to BYU. :0).'
	 b'I went to school with a really smart kid.  He could figure out anything and he knew a lot.  Arguably too much about things.  When people brought up a subject, he went very. deep.'
	 b'Yeah I know someone like that as well, I kind of liked it though cause I generally learned more from him. But when I would try to have a regular conversation without facts.'
	 b'I was like wow that is insane. By the way the guy who\xe2\x80\x99s in charge of this David Wingate is super awesome. He is a really pleasant guy. And really smart.'

Hub:        401
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1748199701309204
Sample Utterances:
	 b'But you know how there is water in the air?'
	 b'So you know how there is water in the air right?'
	 b'Fine. what about water worthy. lol.'
	 b'Dont get me started. That hurts my brain. You can spell wet from water though. But thats like asking is sand sandy, so yes? But if everything is water is it wet?'
	 b'cant believe 50% of our oxygen is produced by planktons.'

Hub:        402
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.011431252956390381
Sample Utterances:
	 b'that\xe2\x80\x99s cool.'
	 b'Thats cool!'
	 b'thats cool.'
	 b"that's cool!"
	 b"well that's cool."

Hub:        403
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13346469402313232
Sample Utterances:
	 b"This is the time for planning for the future that's probably why. You like rock climbing? I've done those rock climbing things they have at carnival/fair type places.. but I've never gone rock climbinb. climbing. I love hiking though!"
	 b'I like hiking and camping but I want to try outdoor rock climbing sometime! I\xe2\x80\x99ve done canyoneering but not climbing! You?'
	 b'rock climbing. go figure haha.'
	 b"For me, I've been watching a lot of Lord of the Rings and I'm bored of just sitting inside. Plus people kept telling me to exercise, so I thought rock climbing would be fun. It's great though! That is fun that your friend took you!"
	 b'Oh dang... you should take him to go rock climbing with you.'

Hub:        404
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.129278302192688
Sample Utterances:
	 b'No I served my mission there.'
	 b"I'm glad:) and no I didn't go on a mission."
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m actually going on my mission first.'
	 b'oh cool! I served my mission in Oakland/SF mission.'
	 b"No you just said you're three years back from your mission so I wasn't sure."

Hub:        405
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11571041345596314
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's super cool! How long ago did you get back?"
	 b"That's awesome! How long ago did you get back?"
	 b'really? that\xe2\x80\x99s so cool!! i love it down there! how long have you been back?'
	 b'haha thats awesome! how long have you worked at the MTC?'
	 b'Nice. How long is your break.'

Hub:        406
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15015754699707032
Sample Utterances:
	 b"lucky haha. if I had a million dollars I'd save, invest, buy stuff for school, probably buy a car, and pay people back. If there's extra go shopping :D. You?"
	 b"I feel that lol, maybe go somewhere super cool. But I'm not the most responsible person with money so I'd probably try to save it lol."
	 b'Same haha. Then I would probably go on a shopping spree in new york, donate some, and save the rest for my future.'
	 b'Same, I would also buy a car and a new phone.'
	 b'i would also buy a house. then save. and rent the house to have a steady income.'

Hub:        407
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.09066946506500244
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha fair enough.'
	 b'hahahah. ok fair enough.'
	 b'thats fair lol.'
	 b'Haha. Valid.'
	 b"Haha. Well then it's usually justified."

Hub:        408
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.19700937271118163
Sample Utterances:
	 b'he was a rad dude and got no credit for what he did.'
	 b'true that, he was an icon.'
	 b'He got some later after people realized that he was genius. But Edison tried to shut him down over and over so he kinda got swept under the rug for a long time.'
	 b'Yes. He had to become humble. even though he is not humble at all.'
	 b'He got some credit I believe.'

Hub:        409
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.06869961023330688
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am studying Information Technology emphasis in User Experience Design.'
	 b'I am studying information technology emphasis in user experience design.'
	 b'I am studying information technology emphasising in User Experience design.'
	 b'I am not good with numbers and accounting so I just stick with Information Technology and User experience design.'
	 b'learn is cool and all and I really enjoy it but I hate being graded and having a time frame. i am majoring in information technology emphasis in user experience design. have you heard of this field at all?'

Hub:        410
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.08500814437866211
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so. are you an incoming freshman?'
	 b'are you an incoming freshman?'
	 b'very. are you a freshman too?'
	 b'this is so cool. wait did you say your a freshman or incoming freshman.'
	 b'So are you an incoming freshman? Do you know what you want to major in? Who needs to go out on Friday nights when you can just use them for their shows.'

Hub:        411
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14004125595092773
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha yeah. Whats your favorite ice cream.'
	 b'fav ice cream?'
	 b":) I am always down to talk about ice cream. also if you are actually eating some, I'm way jealous. what flavor?"
	 b'Wow. Do any of them involve ice cream?'
	 b"hhahAHAH my cousin served in tenessee and she was like nobody has teeth here. Yeah what's your favorite dessert?"

Hub:        412
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12914180755615234
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah college is pretty hard sometimes but you have to get through it.'
	 b'oh wow.... college is really hard sometimes.'
	 b'You end up leaving them at the end of the semester. And then you feel sad and it is like you have to start all over again. Sometimes even between semesters. I just moved to a new apartment complex and that kind of makes a big difference as well.'
	 b'Thats too bad, but I get that it can be ruff. College is a nice new start to meet new people.'
	 b'Hmm. I think the first semester is the hardest part of college. No matter how hard your high school was, there is a learning curve with figuring out how the system works here. And figuring out how to budget your time.'

Hub:        413
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13982800245285035
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah. My family is anyway, to NY state. I'm gonna be moving to provo in August. And that's great! It's always good to be having a good night!"
	 b'yeah... its fine. I havent been back, but next fall I will have some more friends coming to utah and I know they will go with me. So I am looking forward to that, it will be way fun.'
	 b'Haha yeah. I will definitely be visiting California again.'
	 b"i'm so pumped to move to utah though! it'll be something new and a whole lot different than home but still good!"
	 b'Do stuff have fun enjoy my summer you know the usual and for the first time actually since I\xe2\x80\x99ve been home from my mission so I don\xe2\x80\x99t know what I will do. When is the wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t mind hanging out over here at the apartment and just enjoying summer in Provo. My family wants me home for the summer so I guess I\xe2\x80\x99ll just go down to my house.'

Hub:        414
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.09692654609680176
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So do you play any sports?'
	 b'Do you play sports?'
	 b'Do you do any sports?'
	 b'Awesome. Do you practice a lot of sports?'
	 b'Oh really are you into golf?'

Hub:        415
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.19586288928985596
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Invest it in google and you?'
	 b'I like apple.  And was saving my freshman year to buy a macbook pro at the end. I was investing my small savings in the stock market and doing good.  I thought. I had a finance class and a lot of smart people in there. I had almost $2,000 saved for the year and $300 was from earnings on investments.'
	 b'for me I would go back to when Bitcoin was less than a cent and buy all of them I can so i can be rich now. where did you get your name Eh?'
	 b'yeah. Well what company do you think would be a good investment if you could invest extra money right now?'
	 b'Visit temples around the world, and invest to pay off parents debts.'

Hub:        416
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11787279844284057
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I liked that movie too! It was super good. Last week I actually got to see the new Avengers Infinity War.'
	 b"AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR! I wouldn't say it particularly changed my life, but it was so good."
	 b'Hahaha. I haven\xe2\x80\x99t seen infinity war though.'
	 b'Hi! The last film that made an impression on me was probably Infinity War because I just saw it this morning lol.'
	 b'It felt like an avengers plot when we started.'

Hub:        417
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10564788579940795
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love oreo pinapple shakes.'
	 b'I am a huge fan of oreos.'
	 b'I love coldstone. but hands down, cookies and cream will always be my favorite. I love oreos a little too much.'
	 b'yeah! caramel pretzel.'
	 b'Cupcakes, with oreos in the middle.'

Hub:        418
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11042200326919556
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's so cool! I wanna visit there sometime."
	 b'ahhhhh lovely. i would like to go there someday.'
	 b'I want to visit there one day.'
	 b'Wow! So fun! I can\xe2\x80\x99t wait to travel and see places too.'
	 b"Oooh Greece sounds awesome. I would maybe go to Seattle, I lived there for a little when I was younger but I don't really remember it. Now I live in Maryland."

Hub:        419
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11400367021560669
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What show?'
	 b'What show was it?'
	 b'What is that? Is that a show?'
	 b'Hmmm. Is it a movie or a show?'
	 b'oh gotcha. so what is that limitless show aboutj? about?'

Hub:        420
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1308863043785095
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That is awesome. What are you doing for the internship.'
	 b'Thank you. What are you doing for your internship?'
	 b'hopefully you get that internship!'
	 b'Congrats! What are you doing there?'
	 b"Sweet! Sounds like you have some solid plans. What's your wife studying?"

Hub:        421
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15632884502410888
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh yeah, that's true. But free food! I mean having to talk to strangers isn't much fun. But free food!"
	 b'Oh I see, makes sense then. But free food!'
	 b"If I'm going to be stuck eating with a bunch of strangers, the least they could have is good music.  But yeah, free food!"
	 b'Oh those are really fun. Especially if you bring food.'
	 b"That's true for sure. But free food! Haha, how did you end up with an invite anyway?"

Hub:        422
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13609930276870727
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thats pretty small.'
	 b'Whoa.... That\xe2\x80\x99s HUGE.'
	 b'Yep. Kind of small.'
	 b'how small.'
	 b'Oh so like 5\xe2\x80\x997\xe2\x80\x9d?'

Hub:        423
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1140020251274109
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i know right. im doing good, its been quite hot here in Nigeria,but it rained today, so its quite cool now.'
	 b'im good, its quite cool here too, but its been sunny all week, so i am really glad.'
	 b'its really hot. but it rained today, so everywhere was cool.'
	 b'We were going to have a pool party tomorrow at my apartment complex but it got canceled because of all the rain that\xe2\x80\x99s coming in has been raining for quite a while today. Fridays are the best.'
	 b'Yep like better food, less good health care, things like that. No rain here. Today was pretty good! What do you have against rain?'

Hub:        424
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17893319129943847
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Do you know who I am haha?'
	 b'I KNEW JAE SOUNDED FAMILIAR. HAHAHA. I know you.'
	 b'Oh, I totally know who that is in real life. Hahaha I think thats my old roommate who I invited to join.'
	 b"haha nope but I know Cayla and Ben! Or at least I've heard of them but I don't know them personally. I'm guessing you're a CS major too?"
	 b"Who is, not whose. And, how far am I from him? I don't actually know lol."

Hub:        425
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1291569709777832
Sample Utterances:
	 b"oh yeah I heard there is a huge list for that. so heres the deal with that. heritage halls and those other freshmen housing is great for meeting new friends at your stage in life and you will have a blast! but I've heard that its more fun to live at. places other than the ones BYU offers if you want to find a more private living style."
	 b'then you have to register within five minutes of the time they release the application. yeah it is awesome. they have a pool and a hottub and all sort of cool amenities. and it is known as being the most social place to live at byu and uvu alike. it combines both but it qualified as byu housing so the standards are still high. no drugs.'
	 b"Uhm, I would say don't compare yourself to others. You're coming from a place where likely you were the smart kid in your school and at the top of everything. BYU is a very competitive place. It's okay to not get 100% haha. I would say just do your best, college is a great time to explore and find out who you are. Are you going to live in Freshman housing?"
	 b"If you don't every have to deal with them, consider yourself blessed. I lived at Liberty on Freedom. The management wasn't my favorite there. Honestly, one of the biggest benefits of living on campus is that BYU is a great landlord."
	 b'I have family there and it offers a wide variety of majors and minors compared to Rexburg. Rexburg has barely any options haha.'

Hub:        426
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.177114737033844
Sample Utterances:
	 b'if pigs could fly then we would have a lot of poop falling from the sky.'
	 b'I feel like if pigs started flying they would get shot out of the sky in mere seconds. That many people have bets laid on it.'
	 b'seriously! I think if pigs could fly then they would be classified as a different animal and we might not have bacon.'
	 b'what if you could fly.'
	 b'I dream of that day. though I guarantee the environmental impact would be ridiculous.'

Hub:        427
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1699521541595459
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha I love how you put non-religious:). um I actually haven't read a book just for fun, since like high school... so it's been a little while. But I loved the Fablehaven series. or The Giver... have you read any of those?"
	 b"Oh that's cool. Blue is a good one haha. Have you read any good books lately?"
	 b'yeah. i agree. have you ever read michael vey, thirteenth reality, fable haven, eragon, or leven thumps? Those are some of my favorite.'
	 b"I love anything sci-fi and dystopian for personal reading. My books are like a combo of those with a bit of romance XD lol, I like the Shatter Me series, I thought it was good. AND YESSSS. of course. I'd die without my Xbox XD."
	 b'I love them! Except I haven\xe2\x80\x99t been in a lot of them. My first one was Jekyll and Hyde my junior year of high school. Have you heard of that one?'

Hub:        428
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16345205307006835
Sample Utterances:
	 b'We camped a couple nights. Which kind of scared me because they have bear problems. And then we had a family reunion on there but we rented a house outside the park. We didn\xe2\x80\x99t rock climb. Just lots of hiking and sightseeing. The little Grand Canyon was breathtaking.'
	 b'This last year actually. On Christmas day, we went hiking in Colorado with my family. It was insane downhill and rocks. My brother sat in a cactus hahaha.'
	 b'We went down to St George for "high adventure." It was basically a week of boating. ;).'
	 b"It was at the Park hotel in Gatlinburg, Tn. Other than that I haven't been anywhere very expensive."
	 b'Well we went frisbee golfing. Ate at the wall,. Went on a hike. I could list them all out lol but mainly low key stuff like that. Play board games in the lobby.'

Hub:        429
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.20627999305725098
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha I got a box of truffles!'
	 b'I got 2 carrots and some strawberries.'
	 b'Food, items I wanted, just about anything haha.'
	 b"the truffles go to 20 people, so that's roughly 400 if they are 20 a box."
	 b'ya.  and they sent me a picture of just the pair of wings that was left over.'

Hub:        430
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.034168565273284913
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh no.'
	 b'Oh no?'
	 b'Oh no!'
	 b'Oh, oh no.'
	 b'Oh mo. No.'

Hub:        431
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15806479454040528
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I want to visit Thailand and Cambodia. do you not think its cool that you are from Thailand?'
	 b'ohhh cool Have you gone to thailand to visit your moms family or anything?'
	 b'did you say you live in Thailand right now?'
	 b'Ooo, beef sticks can do well for me though ahah. do you wanna go to Cambodia eventuality. ?'
	 b'I dont know much about cambodia.'

Hub:        432
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.08898613452911378
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hey im back! you still there?'
	 b'okay hopefully you are still here when I come back!'
	 b'Hello? Are you still there?'
	 b'sorry, I lost wifi! Are you still here?'
	 b'back! you still there my friend?'

Hub:        433
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18771805763244628
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh I wish. I just had an awesome AP Lang teacher in high school.'
	 b'I really enjoyed going to school as well i learned a lot in my classes today.'
	 b'Yeah he will unless you took AP literature or something. Which I totally did not take even though I took a bunch of other AP classes. Writing is just not my cup of Joe.'
	 b'ahhh ok gotcha. i took anatomy when I was in highschool but I didnt like the teacher though. she played a lot of favorite. favorites..'
	 b'Hey you can send me money if you want! Haha, I babysit all the time so I have a lot of cash, but after paying for all my AP exams I feel emotionally broke, ya know? I also tutor these 2 elementary school girls (one has a crush on my 5th grade brother) every other week for one day (my younger sister does the opposite weeks).'

Hub:        434
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.09911249876022339
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey what\xe2\x80\x99s up. Hello is anyone still there?'
	 b'Hey what is up is anyone there? Hello?'
	 b'you still there? hello is anyone there???'
	 b'Hmm something isnt quite right. Hold on a sec. Hi how are you? Is there anyone here?'
	 b'whats up Jules! long time no chat. do you remember me?'

Hub:        435
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15318845510482787
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It does not show up on my screen.'
	 b'Like it says \xe2\x80\x9cenable notifications\xe2\x80\x9d with an underline but nothing happens when I click on it.'
	 b'i think its your phone or computer. my end doesnt show that.'
	 b"I can't see any of my replies..."
	 b"Yeah I think I used to have it. but it doesn't show anymore."

Hub:        436
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13237309455871582
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I really enjoy dancing, and music. I love to play piano and some guitar. I also like to bake and sew and read. The last two I haven't done in a long while though."
	 b'Well, I love to read and draw. I play the piano and trombone. I work at a bank alot. I like to hike even though I have no men\xe2\x80\x99s around me.'
	 b"Well dance, and I'm the mascot for my school as well. And I teach piano. And I'm just learning how to juggle. Oh and I like to make my own clothes. OH AND I LOVE SKIING MORE THAN LIFE ITSELF. And I like dogs."
	 b'I do a little of both. I like to play instruments. And I like listening to music.'
	 b"It can be hiking, skiing, playing football, dancing, riding horses, doing crosswords, knitting, singing, crafting,  water rafting... I've had people ask me if it is a real major haha!"

Hub:        437
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.06053439378738403
Sample Utterances:
	 b'kind of.'
	 b'Kind of.'
	 b'kinda.'
	 b'way. *.'
	 b'Some of it.'

Hub:        438
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1546412467956543
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Honestly, I would be way too scared to actually go into space, but I think it would be cool to see the earth from space. But probably just the moon would be the coolest part.'
	 b"I feel like I'd go to another planet, earths cool and all but I'd wanna see more haha."
	 b'Yes, I agree. Think about that. Where would you go if you could travel in space?'
	 b'We would probably get lost somewhere. It would be very cool though.'
	 b'Probably on top of a pyramid. That would be cool. But in the night time.'

Hub:        439
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17240698337554933
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Its been nice and warm, I love it.'
	 b"i do. it's a little colder than i would like."
	 b'I know right.... I kind of hate it. I wish it was warm.'
	 b"It's pretty chill."
	 b"It was the best hibernation I've ever had."

Hub:        440
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.07968740463256836
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Tennessee.'
	 b'North Carolina.'
	 b'Texas.'
	 b'Nebraska.'
	 b'Arizona:).'

Hub:        441
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18136559724807738
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha I am sure you will do great! I can tell you are a strong willed person.'
	 b"I'm glad that you are doing well. I'm sure that you are capable."
	 b'You definitely will, I\xe2\x80\x99m quite the wise dude.'
	 b'Oh yeah? That\xe2\x80\x99s really important and it\xe2\x80\x99s always nice to have the spirit confirm that you are where you\xe2\x80\x99re supposed to be.'
	 b'both of your feet!  and you rmother oh my goodness youve gone through a lot already.'

Hub:        442
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.07860729694366456
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah its really nice.'
	 b'yeah, its nice!'
	 b'Yeah its really nice there.'
	 b"Haha yeah it's pretty nice."
	 b"Nah. It's beautiful."

Hub:        443
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1097617506980896
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I can only imagine right now. So what kinds of things do you like to do in your free time?'
	 b'yeah. so what else do you like to do in your free time.'
	 b'hahaha. what do you like to do when you are doing school?'
	 b'if you could be doing one thing right now what would you be doing? You can do anything you want.'
	 b"I took the shuttle too my first semester. It's such a convenience! Especially when you live pretty far from campus. So, what do you do in your spare time? Cook? Read? Play games? Chat on ChitChat?"

Hub:        444
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1897278308868408
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh yeah, I feel bad. Ill sit by someone all semester and talk to them. But I never actually learn their names... Im the worst with that, but I know their story!'
	 b"haha well atleast you get that far. I am a very participatory person, if that's even a word, and so everyone in the class knows my name by the end of the semester. But then I don't know theirs. I will be walking around campus and have tons of people say hi, but I do not know them at all."
	 b'But they have lots of people with signs that say "Need help finding your class?" so they\'ll help you haha ;).'
	 b"Which I know is a crappy move but so many people have ghosted me when they find out I haven't graduated."
	 b"definitely. It is especially embarrassing when I know I should know more than whoever i'm talking to. Sometimes it happens with my younger brother which is the worst."

Hub:        445
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1663745164871216
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah, as long as we get to space don't care much for how."
	 b"I like it. I think it's good to look to the stars, as it were. I mean staying on Earth forever is boring, and the government is less and less interested in space travel so might as well get private companies in on it."
	 b'I want to go to space!'
	 b'I think there would be space pirates! ...all over the universe.'
	 b'I mean, we could just put them on airplanes. So its 100% a reality. Thoughts?'

Hub:        446
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.08761825561523437
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'll  have to try it."
	 b'I might have to try that tonight.'
	 b'maybe Ill give it a try.'
	 b'Ill have to try one one day.'
	 b"So I'm pretty siked to to try it out."

Hub:        447
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.052438223361968996
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ok see ya!'
	 b'ok see ya.'
	 b'ok  see ya!!!'
	 b'ok see ya. thanks!'
	 b'ALRIGHT MAN. LATER. BYE.'

Hub:        448
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17167140245437623
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah. Have you ever tried the cinnamon delights they sell?'
	 b'have you tried byus cookies and cream flavor? it is reaaaaal  good.'
	 b'Yum! I love nutella!! Those sound delicious! Have you ever tried cookie butter? Oh have you ever tried peanut butter and nutella with banana?  If you like bananas you will love it!'
	 b'They have some of the best candy this reminds me of a story from the other day. Hey have you ever had auntie Annie\xe2\x80\x99s pretzels?'
	 b'And you can even keep them secret if you like....... Uhhh i dont know. They might have been replace by another yogurt company but in vegas they were still going strong.'

Hub:        449
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13287625312805176
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I would probably travel to Britain first and then from there travel the rest of Europe. One of my friends went to Ireland and showed me pictures, it\xe2\x80\x99s very beautiful there.'
	 b"Ooh that'll be so much fun. Ireland is amazing. After my study abroad my mom and I traveled around, and we roadtripped across Ireland for four days. So much fun."
	 b'You can always see those sights with pictures. I want to go to Ireland too! I think it\xe2\x80\x99s be cool to go to those countries around the Middle East and Asia.'
	 b'Continent of Ireland, but in the UK! and yep! We get a week to travel on our own (in groups) and my group is going to Switzerland, Paris, and Belgium!'
	 b'i mainly would just want to travel to see the different cultures rather than visiting actually spots on the map.\\. iceland would be so cool. i have a friend that went there not to long ago and she really liked it. the horses there are hairy and kind of short. never knew that until she sent me some pictures of her trip. haha.'

Hub:        450
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10778927803039551
Sample Utterances:
	 b'same lol.'
	 b'lol same.'
	 b'Haha, me, too!'
	 b'Same with the guy who is above me haha.'
	 b'same! Im dying.'

Hub:        451
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14737366437911986
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yup, I'm excited for the electives. When do you finish school?"
	 b'Yep it\xe2\x80\x99s a pretty rare opportunity! So are you taking classes this summer?'
	 b'=_= I know, it\xe2\x80\x99s scary growing up. But it will be fun too, I\xe2\x80\x99m sure. When are you graduating?'
	 b'I hope so! what is your summer plans? classes.'
	 b'That is really impressive! I feel like teaching requires way more patience than I have so good job! What are you most excited about? *about starting BYU.'

Hub:        452
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11556296348571778
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah. so what else do you like to do in your free time.'
	 b'I can only imagine right now. So what kinds of things do you like to do in your free time?'
	 b'Yeah. What do you like to watch? Or do in your spare time?'
	 b'Fun! What else do you like to do? You still there?'
	 b'lol what else do you have to do besides cleaning?'

Hub:        453
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1295837640762329
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's my favorite disney animation movie by far. 100% perfect."
	 b'yessssss. that movie is awesome. and the live action cinderella is so good as well.'
	 b'The good dinosaur or moana. Yes! I love the music for moana!!!'
	 b"omgsh megamind is the besttt. definitely one of dreamworks' most underrated."
	 b'But I also really love and appreciate the new 3D animation too... it just blows my mind how real they are looking and how beautiful it is. Well just the old disney movies.'

Hub:        454
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.02934955358505249
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha okay....'
	 b'Haha okay.'
	 b'Hahaha. Okay.'
	 b'Haha alright.'
	 b'Haha ok nevermind.'

Hub:        455
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1666840672492981
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah we are talking to the computer.'
	 b'Hahaha no. Hey i am switching to a computer. Just look for me.'
	 b"You're just a computer."
	 b'We meet again haha. My. My computer kind of shut down.'
	 b"Hi! I'd be worried if computers started asking anything."

Hub:        456
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12429803609848022
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Cool. How long have you been married?'
	 b'How long have you been married?'
	 b'hahaha thats awesome. how long have you had a crush on him?'
	 b'Haha that is funny, how long did they date before they were engaged?'
	 b'i like that. how long have you guys been friends?'

Hub:        457
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10039323568344116
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah, good luck!'
	 b'Good luck!'
	 b"Ok i've got to go too good luck!"
	 b'Well good luck. I am sure it will work out!'
	 b'that is really lucky, and also, you are seriously so smart, and yeah, one sec.'

Hub:        458
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1525253415107727
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i used to play alot of MMOs. then to League. then to Fortnite.'
	 b'I played for fun. And I get hooked for about three days. Then I get bored and stop playing.'
	 b'I used to do that when I played a lot of MMO games when I was younger.'
	 b"I never played wow because it was subscription based so I couldn't pay."
	 b'I play league currently.'

Hub:        459
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1583956003189087
Sample Utterances:
	 b"from your perspective as a user, you just sign on to Amazon or something and it just logs you. *logs you in. and it's much, much safer than a password. an average password can be found out by hackers pretty quickly. but the keys I'm talking about would take millions of years to crack. so that's cool too :D."
	 b'as long as that kind of data is encrypted like some sort of password signature for each account i suppose that it would be fine.'
	 b'There\'s a technology  called public key cryptography that allows you to prove that you have something without actually disclosing what it is. And using that technology, you can essentially prove to a website that you have a certain password, without ever sending it. It uses a lot of really fun math behind the scenes. but the way it\'s usually explained is like this. you have a "key" that replaces a password. The key itself is split into two parts: a private part and a public part. each of those parts is really just a really massive number, but they have a special property. anything that is encrypted with the public part can only be decrpyted by the private part. the same is true the other way around. anything encrypted with the private part can be decrypted with the public part. So the way you can use something like this is. your computer/phone/whatever generates a key, and hands  the public part to a website when you register for an account. so the website remembers your public key, instead of your password. And in the future, whenever you visit that website, you no longer need to enter in a password. all you need to do is encrypt something using your private part of the key. and the website can verify that you are who you say you are because they can decrypt that thing using the public key they have stored for you. the best part about this process is, it can be fully automated. so you don\'t have to worry about entering the keys or anything.'
	 b"I think that the best way to hack this would be to give my login information to some middle schooler without a phone and a crush who also has an account on here. They'd talk all night and day."
	 b'I wanted to change my password and he just tapped a couple of keys on his computer open a bunch of black boxes and then like a minute later he had changed my password. Super cool.'

Hub:        460
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.059337937831878663
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hey brb.'
	 b'hey ill brb.'
	 b'brb.'
	 b'oh no. wait BRB.'
	 b'hey brb real quick.'

Hub:        461
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17560834884643556
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well seeing as you can just turn it back on... probably not.'
	 b"I didn't think you could turn it off."
	 b'You have to get rid of it somehow.'
	 b'I think that I would unplug it.'
	 b'You can turn them back on. You cant turn people back on. Case closed.'

Hub:        462
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13692691326141357
Sample Utterances:
	 b'But yes, food is good.'
	 b"That's true. Food is pretty good in general."
	 b"Yes!!!! That's the best kind of food!"
	 b'Food is blessed.'
	 b'No, food is life.'

Hub:        463
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12872976064682007
Sample Utterances:
	 b'"L".'
	 b':O.'
	 b'I.'
	 b'W. o. w.'
	 b't. or r.'

Hub:        464
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1029918909072876
Sample Utterances:
	 b'on.'
	 b'in.'
	 b'gonna.'
	 b'back.'
	 b'That.'

Hub:        465
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1234220027923584
Sample Utterances:
	 b'lake tahoe, redwoods, etc.'
	 b'duuuude lake tahoe!'
	 b'like alpine area! up by AF canyon.'
	 b'We have a cabin in he mountains of southern utah.  It requires a snowmobile to get into during four months of the winter.  It has an amazing view of Zion.'
	 b'BANFF. Banff, Alberta.'

Hub:        466
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.19595329761505126
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well, just messaging I guess, but we should probably switch over to phones.'
	 b'is this mobile friendly? we should only communicate via chitchat from now on.'
	 b'Yeahhh it would make sense to just use two phones.'
	 b'So you have that as a back up then? Hey I am switching to another device. Hopefully we match up again. Niche chatting! Nice.'
	 b'haha thanks! Ultimately I want your smartphone to act like an official ID for the Internet.'

Hub:        467
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18836289644241333
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so you did ride a bike.  haha.'
	 b'Interesting. Did you drive off a cliff or something.'
	 b'ya. do you have a special ride.'
	 b'oh no. did you guys crash? I never got a electrical motor car but I had the pedal ones and those were so fun.'
	 b'Why did you go down with no gloves and a helmet?'

Hub:        468
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.22400004863739015
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha I see. Yeah maybe seems like he's being careful."
	 b"It's kind of just what's going through his head as he's typing, and also, I think he's kinda nervous?"
	 b'The dude is paranoid I swrsr.'
	 b"I think its adam. Whenever he is on this happens. Thats why I was talking about the multiple tabs thing. But I hope he isn't doing that and maybe I am just crazy."
	 b'Haha yeah i imagine constanly managing risk will do that to you. just constantly worried about what COULD happen.'

Hub:        469
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1265005111694336
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I hate that.  Siri can't even get a simple text message right."
	 b'Well our phones can "talk back" to us with Siri, so maybe it\'s not all bad?'
	 b'wow. blame siri ;).'
	 b'Siri, text so and so "are you coming question mark". hate it. "it starts at five period".'
	 b'I am cracking up laughing so so so hard. I cannot communicate with Siri for the life of me.'

Hub:        470
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11496096849441528
Sample Utterances:
	 b"i don't really have a single genre. i listen to everything from metal to country. just all depends on the mood. what about you?"
	 b"I don't have any particular genre that I mostly listen to. Usually if I hear a song or an artist I like I'll listen to it, so I listen to everything from rap to alternative to pop to classic rock. I don't discriminate over here. It really depends on the day."
	 b'I honestly like everything except for country and rock metal. What about you?'
	 b'Like pop, classical, country and pretty much anything on.'
	 b'You might, some are classics like metallica and megadeth but then I like modern stuff too like shinedown, alterbridge and other things too.'

Hub:        471
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10755027532577514
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Good! What is your secret superpower?'
	 b'So, what is your secret super power?'
	 b'good! what\xe2\x80\x99s your superpower?'
	 b'same. Do you have any secret superpowers?'
	 b'Secret super power is knowing when someone is upset.'

Hub:        472
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18403069972991942
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I like Metalica.'
	 b'i like Disturbed.'
	 b'cool bandssss. I love coldplay. right? in highschool I was never whichout mosic. but now I like some silence.'
	 b'Psychobilly.'
	 b'i like all sorts but i like train a lot.'

Hub:        473
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1964239239692688
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yes. he is Trump. hahaha. his own party. just kidding.'
	 b"Yeah. I mean trump isn't liberal."
	 b'trump style.'
	 b'They were so ready to accept anyone that wanted to move because of Donald trump.'
	 b'I think Donald Trump claims to sleep three hours a day. Personally I think it kind of shows.'

Hub:        474
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17313193082809447
Sample Utterances:
	 b"for my saturday i am going to my girlfriend's high school reunion. I think it will be fun to meet all her old friends. Then after that in the evening I am going to a wedding. reception for my girlfriend's friend hahaha. then mother's day is on sunday so I'm going to be cooking dinner for everyone beacuse I am the family chef."
	 b"Nothing interesting. I'm going to babysit in about an hour. Tomorrow I'm going to a wedding reception for a person I don't know. An evening full of strangers is always fun."
	 b"Yeah I'm helping out by watching the gifts table so I don't really get to go into the reception but at least I get to eat wedding food haha."
	 b"well. my GF's friend's wifes birthday is today. but my GF is sick. so we arent chillin. lol."
	 b"This weekend... I work on Saturday but tomorrow I think I'm making ice cream for my sister's bbq on Sunday."

Hub:        475
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.05982526540756226
Sample Utterances:
	 b'See ya!'
	 b'See ya.'
	 b'see ya.'
	 b'See you.'
	 b"And you're really cool and I don't want to end this so hang tight."

Hub:        476
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1992010474205017
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'd want to be all-knowing.  That way I could know how to give myself all other super powers."
	 b"hmmm. That's a good one. I would either do healing, super learning,  time pausing, or telepathy. or the gift of tongues. I think I'd rather have super learning than super intelligence. Super intelligence might get boring."
	 b'If I could choose any of the superpowers, I would probably choose the super power to heal?'
	 b'Haha if i were i would apply parables to just about everything. I would do it in a way that no one noticed and then at the end of my two terms of prosperity i would tell them that it was all ideas based off of the Bible. Could you imagine the shock that everyone would have.'
	 b'Uhhh. I wish I could know everything. Unlimited knowledge. you?'

Hub:        477
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18919854164123534
Sample Utterances:
	 b'nah, the only exercise i get is riding my bike lol.'
	 b'ummm yes. but probably not like im suppose to i have one of those boards but i just ride on it. gotta blast, see ya later!'
	 b"Not really, but I should be. I have super crappy knees so I'm not allowed to run and even biking hurts sometimes."
	 b"But I need the energy from the starburst to use the bike. So I'm running low on batteries."
	 b"OH RIP. i just don't wanna be toasting in the sun for a long time so I just bike to campus. like my 30 minute walk turns into a 10 minute zoom zoom zoom on my bike."

Hub:        478
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14958871603012086
Sample Utterances:
	 b"But it didn't go through!!!!"
	 b'Valid. Which it did a lot.'
	 b"Very!  It didn't work out though."
	 b'There was an issue?'
	 b"Didn't stick too long though."

Hub:        479
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.01825375556945801
Sample Utterances:
	 b'How are you doing?'
	 b'How are you doing?!'
	 b'how are you doing?'
	 b'how are you doing!'
	 b'How are you doing this afternoon?'

Hub:        480
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13654149770736695
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ing his friends and family around him who have helped him to feel apart of the community rather than sepearated like many of the people he faces feel because of the lack of. community theyve been able to be apart of since an early age. Honestly the pain arch is one of my favorites because it puts naruto up against another of jariyas students who experiences the same situation relative to narutos as a child. pain is so powerful and also in the arch you really get to see how hard naruto has worked to be able to develop his powers to the extent that they are when he is put up agains.'
	 b'but Sasori was beaten by an old lady and Sakura but I think because of that he is considered a weaker member of the team. after he kills itachi he gets a new purpose. He wants to destroy the hidden leaf village. because he did not understand fully what happend to itachi and was tricked to believing that the village turned against him. and I think Sasuke also wants to take over the world later but he is tricked. Also I think that he feels that he too can"change the world". I like the symmetry in this show and realky intresting as well. the cultraul ties to the kinds of show and how you can really see their history is why i love the shows like this.'
	 b'i think hes a great comic relief character and also just a really good guy in general it makes you fall so in love with him. if i had to pick my favorite characters it would b. be jariay and itatchi. you wanna know something really funny? its actually really geeky but i know tat naruto has tons of references to dragon ball z. how cool is that. i guess the writes who made n.'
	 b'im really excited about getting to the pain arch in naruto because its the first time you really see the extent of narutos abilities to reach in and change the hearts of the.'
	 b'and often times the only reason they have joined the dark side for a lack of a better way of putting it. you know i think a lot of the reason he has that empathy comes from. the fact that he was an orphaned child and grew up hated by the village. he was such a misfit and no one liked him, everyone judged him and he suffered tremendously during the. earlier years of his life because of his parents dying to save the village by implanting and sealing the nine tails demon kurama into naturo the only child who could truly. bear the weight of such a trial. because of this he experienced a lot of what the people he often has to fight experienced. lonliness, abandonement, and hatred not by any doing of his own. these things make him the most suitable to be able to understand and have compassion for his enemies and because of that his relating to them comes off genuine because it is s. such. and through his power and ability he often gaiins the respect of the people who oppose him because even though he nearly experiences exactly their same trial he has take. n the situation and used it as motivation to be able to make himself stronger as to be able to prevent others from experiencing the same thing that he went through and protect.'

Hub:        481
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.09803448915481568
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hey hahaha.'
	 b'oh hey hahaha.'
	 b'hey again! hahaha.'
	 b"Ayyy wow I'm good."
	 b'Hehe ur lame too.'

Hub:        482
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.012984097003936768
Sample Utterances:
	 b'sweet.'
	 b'Sweet!'
	 b'Sweet.'
	 b'Sweet!\\.'
	 b'Awesome.'

Hub:        483
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15779749155044556
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah, it's a big change. I actually have thought about being alone."
	 b'Well it is fine. Life\xe2\x80\x99s good. I am living at liberty square now, and lots of stuff is always going on. I still have never been in a relationship but that is bound to change this semester. I have opportunities I just need to get over myself.'
	 b'For the most part. I dont feel like its done but I guess it is. Now its just a matter of moving out, Ill end up being homeless for a few days before I fly home.'
	 b"ohyeah? the past year -ish??? i've been like feeling like i don't wanna leave the church but i also don't wanna stay."
	 b'It is nice but we get up there less and less.  And it seems when we go, we are always working on it to fix something or make it better rather than really enjoying the peace.'

Hub:        484
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16260305643081666
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah it is but I cant do anything after that if they dont send me that letter first. Then I need to get my employer letter and review it with the IT department's  internship coordinator and have the coordinator complete a form of their own. then I need to enroll in the appropriate work study, practicum, field program, internship or cooperative education course;. so basically the internship classs."
	 b'then I need to take these documents to the internation student office. Request for approval of CPT , letter from the propective employer (pluralsight) and a master agreemen. a completed internship coordinator form which the internship coordinator has to complete. then I need the documentation of enrollment in the realted class. then I will get the authorization to work at Pluralsight and they will give me a new I-20.'
	 b'So i need to apply for what is called the Curricular Practical Training. So as an international student I cannot work off campus unless it is related to my major! so this is and I am so happy that I get to do this during my college career. So the requirements to apply for a curricular practical training is the one the training is an integral part of my program of studies and is temporary in nature. so yeah this Product Internship is related to my major and its an internship so its temporary.'
	 b'So i am going to start on June 4th and they will give me a desk and a laptop to work with that will have all the programs that I will be using to create what I need to there. but because I am an international student I need to do more things than just sign the offer.'
	 b"look. imma tell you a thing. so one of my close close friends applied for this fellowship program. and she legit knew she was going in there to compete against real life GRAD students and other people who have majored and graduated JUST FOR this program. but yknow what. she had the skillset and the finesse and she got it. and it's only available to like uhhhhhh 9 candidates?? so if she could do it, my mans u could do it."

Hub:        485
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15843703746795654
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah! It's similar to the princess bride, and he plays in taken, as the dad. Well, similar in a way."
	 b"well in the end, (im going to ruin it for you) he ends up marrying the brother's girlfriend and the brother marries someone else. It is a great movie. I'm sure you would find it just has humorous as I did. what's your favorite movie?"
	 b'I used to think it was the princess bride 2 tbh. And yeah. Its pretty funny.'
	 b'Its a 1983 movie about a princess that got kidnapped at her wedding by weird alien creatures. Liam neelson is in it too.'
	 b"Oh. He plays in Ponyo? He's the dad."

Hub:        486
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1203768014907837
Sample Utterances:
	 b'OH goodness. that is nice.'
	 b'Oh that is nice.'
	 b"That's so nice!"
	 b'OOh yeah way better than sweet.'
	 b'Ooh!!!! Oh my goodness!!!! Hopefully its okay now?'

Hub:        487
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12483670711517333
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Uh oh.'
	 b'Uhoh.'
	 b'My freshman-ness has been exposed again...'
	 b'again XDDDDDDDDDDDDD.'
	 b'THIS IS GONNA ROCK!!!!!!'

Hub:        488
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1576659560203552
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Ah. I'll have to go add that now. I haven't been able to find very good movies on netflix lately. Though Dr. Strange was good."
	 b"That's awesome! No I haven't. Just watched the movie with Hugh Jackman."
	 b'Of the doctor strange movie? I dont quite remember it. It has been a while. I should watch it again.'
	 b'Woah that is kind of strange. Is it good? I am bad with actors but that sounds familiar.'
	 b"Hum. there is one on netflix but I forgot the name. I'll be right back. dinner calls."

Hub:        489
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.20800039768218995
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahahaha thats going to be a fun date! is this a first date with this person?'
	 b"I agree. what's the best date you've been on thus far. like best date idea. not necessarily the girl you were most interested in."
	 b'A bond date sounds brilliant!'
	 b'Nice nice. I think that those should be your opening lines on a blind date :).'
	 b'But hey, a fun date idea that I had a friend do. You get big cardboard boxes and with your date you make "cars" out of them and then watch a movie in your car and call it a. drive in movie. I thought that was super clever.'

Hub:        490
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12629624605178832
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh my gosh! Okay, that makes me feel a bit better. lol.'
	 b'Nice, that makes me feel a little better XD.'
	 b"Oh my gosh!!! I'm glad that I could reply!!!"
	 b"thank goodness i'll need it lol."
	 b"Thank goodness, because I do know I can be irritating at times lol. I'm just glad that isn't the case now. Also, I'm actually laughing so hard at this."

Hub:        491
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16794441938400267
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Actually my dad taught me that. He works in finance and is really thrifty.'
	 b"That's interesting.  My dad does finance too."
	 b'My mom stays at home. And my dad does accounting and finance work for companies and for cities sometimes.'
	 b'Oh true. My dad worked a lot.'
	 b'My great uncle sold a patent to General Electric in like 1973 and he gave everyone in the family like fifty million as a thank you gift.'

Hub:        492
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.09720991849899292
Sample Utterances:
	 b'amen.'
	 b'Amen. Amen.'
	 b'Amen sista.'
	 b'Very true. preach.'
	 b'hallelujah.'

Hub:        493
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.19095712900161743
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Favorite disney princess?'
	 b'Rapunzel, wbu?'
	 b'tinkerbell!! how cute!'
	 b'Coco is very good, the colors were amazing. Do you have a favorite Disney movie?'
	 b'...this why you should never assume that turtles are older than wind princesses.'

Hub:        494
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16936163902282714
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am still working on campus right now. I have a job at the humanities department doing user experience design work. and I can work there until june 4th I guess. and I also work for a librarian doing some UX work there too.'
	 b"I work on campus. I work as a User Experience Designer so its project based and as long as I can finish the projects on time they don't care when I work haha. its really flexible."
	 b'nice! i work as a photographer, but i want to be a TA for CS as soon as i can apply.'
	 b'oh have fun. feel free to ask for me at the science and engineering desk on the second floor of the library im the girl industrial design student. lol.'
	 b"I already enjoy it. I went there in October for my interview. I went to many different places in Bellevue and in Seattle. I'm already making a list of places to go. People are. telling me great things to do there. AndI just got an email from Microsoft to join the Microsoft club. They go to different places and have different activities."

Hub:        495
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.050993049144744874
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well, yeah.'
	 b'Well yes.'
	 b'well i suppose so.'
	 b'Well yeah sure.'
	 b'You could say that.'

Hub:        496
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.01209273338317871
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Same,.'
	 b'same.'
	 b'same!'
	 b'Same!!!!!'
	 b'same same.'

Hub:        497
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17095022201538085
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh.  I never thought about Siri being president as a subject.  I am not sure I would vote for her.  When I really need her to give me quick and accurate directions, she sends. some where crazy. I think maybe sometime Siri has an attitude or does not like me.'
	 b'Oh and maybe Siri knows how I speak and that\xe2\x80\x99s why she does better than Google. Oh and maybe Siri knows how I speak and that\xe2\x80\x99s why she does better than Google.'
	 b'which one? There was also if like siri or alexa ran for president and why they would win.'
	 b"That is also true! Might even already be the case for some people!!! But, if you vote for an AI, you could also talk to them whenever you'd like, we would save money on presidential security, and presidential vacations! You could give Alexa or Siri your input whenever. Let them know your worries and concerns!"
	 b'Well So do a lot of things like Sarah Monet. Or just money I mean how does Siri decide that Sarah Moni is a person.'

Hub:        498
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13988969326019288
Sample Utterances:
	 b';). You can? lol.'
	 b'you probably will haha.'
	 b'But you still can.'
	 b"That's because you already have one too lol."
	 b'okay maybe YOU can. but idk.'

Hub:        499
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10308687686920166
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hahaha thats what i mean.'
	 b'Haha, not like that. ;).'
	 b'haha I thought so.'
	 b"That's what I meant hahaha."
	 b'What would you do? I know thats what I said! Well at least thats what went through my mind when I though about it the other day hahaha.'

Hub:        500
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12878774404525756
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Ha, but these are noise cancelling, and I have a pair of small headphones, but noise cancelling. man. That'd be great."
	 b"that's a good idea. wish i had headphones lol."
	 b'And that sounds exhausting to my fingertips and my back. Ah yes. Noise cancelling headphones. They sound like heaven tbh. Then i could hear things, without worrying about outside noise!!'
	 b"That would be nice. I'd be down for some sweet noise-cancelling bose headphones. How did you hear about this?"
	 b'I don\xe2\x80\x99t use headphones.'

Hub:        501
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14247117042541504
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So it turns out different credit cards give you different rewards and if you only spend on a credit card when you know you have the money to back it up in the bank and it is a. Necessary purchase then you just kind of get cash back and it adds up real quick. Especially when you first start out.'
	 b'If you get a Chase credit card we both get an extra hundred dollars.'
	 b'And there are sign-up bonuses and I\xe2\x80\x99ve gotten probably like 400 bucks from that. So there you have it like hundreds of dollars. Where is I\xe2\x80\x99ve done a lot more research on it other than just cash back and I have a couple credit cards and it all kind of helps out quite a lot.'
	 b'My parents every once in a while will buy things and I will be like hey just use my credit card and pay me back.'
	 b'I mean linits are onky inportant because they allow you to use cards for big ticket purchases so they dont matter. That much but it is still nice to keep it and not have to buikd from scratch. This card i am getting gets 2% back on everything you ever buy. Permanetly.'

Hub:        502
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1834215044975281
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh and not to mention the fact I got $40 cash back for getting a 3.0 or higher my last semester.'
	 b'I think I ended up with like $150 cash back.'
	 b'Discover it student edition is the one that gets you all the cash back in the $20 which doubles. Into 40. For good grades.'
	 b'and you are a new college student and dont have much money so not a high target for me ;).'
	 b'Yeah its still a problem, partly because ots cheap for normal people to grow like you said, but also because the dealers dont have to pay fees on regulatuons and stuff.'

Hub:        503
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10169402360916138
Sample Utterances:
	 b'My favorite book is the Harry Potter series as well. It is very interesting.'
	 b'And favorite book.... probably the Harry Potter series. I like a ton of books though..'
	 b'Nice, Lord of the Rings is a good one! I like to read literally everything, I just finished the Riddlemaster trilogy by Patricia A. McKillip.'
	 b'I know, it was a really good book. I recommend it to anyone I can haha.'
	 b'Yeah, which Harry Potter is your favorite? :). I like a book called "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn.".'

Hub:        504
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16943467855453492
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are your mom is pretty chill then. Oh well then never mind she\xe2\x80\x99s probably not actually that she\xe2\x80\x99ll.'
	 b'hahahaha. does your mom feel left out?'
	 b'That makes sense. Yeah, maybe your mom can bring some up?'
	 b'Is your mom freaking out about you being up?'
	 b'Smh nope, they are probably tired of me. My mom wants to send me off to college like a boat. You hit it with a bottle.'

Hub:        505
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14358177185058593
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Aww, that is so sweet :).'
	 b'aww what a happy thing.'
	 b"That's so sweet. That's a little less sweet, lol. but still sweet."
	 b'Oh. that is so sweet. My answer seems so selfish now.'
	 b"Awww! That's adorable! I think that's the best reason I've ever heard for liking a color."

Hub:        506
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.19402581453323364
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think i would be enjoying an island out in where we had talked about earlier. I might use the rest to turn it into a resort or something. Then i could make more money than ever before, and i could by my own cruise ship.'
	 b'its interesting to ask that question with everyone because they all say the same thing! I think its because everyone is getting ready to go to college. If i had a million dollars I would start a video game streaming career and support myself until I get popular enough that I start making money. OR I would buy a sprinter van convert it to have a nice bed, cargo space for rock climbing gear, ktichen and a solar panel for energy so I can travel all over and go climb all. the time and explore the mountains and nature.'
	 b'I would rather be a chump in highschool and be able to have enough money to have lots of time on my hands to explore. Like i have a goal to visit each of the 50 states. Maybe even US islands also.'
	 b'Ya.... I think id like a huge yacht.'
	 b'I want to build a house like that when I am rich enough. I also want to implement some really cool ancient korean architecture and put a modern twist to it.'

Hub:        507
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.06907104253768921
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Hey how's your night going so far?"
	 b"How's your night been."
	 b'hey how\xe2\x80\x99s your sunday been so far?? :).'
	 b'Hey ball!!! hows your night so far?'
	 b"How's it going?! Are you at the chit chat night? Or I suppose you're sleeping at the screen. Welp, have a great night!"

Hub:        508
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1575222373008728
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Seriously I went on a date once and they girl was leaning into me and I think she wanted me to put my arm around her and I just felt weird about it. So I didn\xe2\x80\x99t, but I totally should have. The rest of the date was ok and it never turned into anything else.'
	 b'Yeah.  I mean mostly it was just going on dates and doing stuff with a girl but obviously it was a positive experience.'
	 b"Yeah a few times. I really like it but I've never had much practice. The last girl I dated always wanted me to go with her but she's really good and told me she'd probably. dance with other guys most of the time so I just never went."
	 b'Well mostly it was just that she is hilarious and smart and very level headed that made it so much fun.  She also farted in front of me on like our second date which. let me know that there was something different about her.  You may think I am making that up but I am not. also gtg sorry.'
	 b'And my ballroom partner was there and I was like nah and I SHOULD have said yes because he got closer and was reaching for me and my partner was like back off bud.'

Hub:        509
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.09615731239318848
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah the governments are looking into lots of nuclear defense systems and it is kind of like a second arms race. No one wants to have an enemy that isnt threatened by nukes.'
	 b"It is worrying that it is also becoming easier to create nuclear weapons though. But I'm glad we also have better defensive technology!"
	 b'Yeah, but as technology spreads, I feel like nukes seem to become less and less of a major feat. Luckily we are developing anti nuke stuff.'
	 b'Yeah, because they are still developing ballistic missiles. So putting a nuclear warhead back on if they decide they don\xe2\x80\x99t like us any more wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t be that big of a deal I guess.'
	 b"They still have nuclear reactors, but apparently because of the Iran deal the UN is able to monitor every reactor they have! Which is good for us! And apparently they also had to give up all their material to make nuclear weapons. But some people think Iran is still making weapons anyway. I'll have to do more research about it to see what I think I guess."

Hub:        510
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.0666271686553955
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah Kevin Love is a great player to watch but he's been lacking in his play style HARD.... and Klay is such a great player too."
	 b'K love has been so up and down this series, he would have to start playing like he used to. KLAY IS THE MOST UNDERRATED PLAYER IN THE LEAGUE. hes such a clutch shooter and one of the best, maybe ever but people forget about him too easiley.'
	 b"Same.... Westbrook is not good in my opinion. He's very athletic and he can explode to the basket like no other but I feel like he's not a very good team player."
	 b'Thats true though. he really has had an amazing season. He needs a better bench though. I mean CP3 is such a star.'
	 b"Yeah he's such a big and burly dude that getting in the way of him almost always results in an AND1 for LeBron. I think that the greatest team right now though is Golden State."

Hub:        511
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11152245998382568
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I was born in South Korea but I moved to the U.S. when I was about 7 or so.'
	 b'South Korea but I move to the states when I was like 9. Moved.'
	 b'I am from South korea but I moved to Provo when I was like 9 ish years old.'
	 b'California because of the mish and South Korea because I was born there (does that count?) hahaha.'
	 b'yeah I remember when I saw it because I was in still living in South Korea.'

Hub:        512
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1800972580909729
Sample Utterances:
	 b"And I don't mean duck eggs as in the yolk, I mean duck eggs that were actually ready to hatch."
	 b'Man chickens are the best. Someone just TOOK our super responsible hen that would sit on the eggs when everyone else was out eatin leaves. And my mom flIPPED out about it.'
	 b'So its kinda like orbee\xe2\x80\x99s but its most similar to fish eggs *shudders*.'
	 b'I agree. Sweaty quail egg possibly?'
	 b'Ok quail eggs are insanely small. Oh I play the piano.'

Hub:        513
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15680783987045288
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thats so scary. I cant ride anything. Not like a bike or anything.'
	 b'ehh its not that bad actually. its actually kind of fun. but its more dangerous. than a traditional bike.'
	 b'ha ha, i enjoy riding all the fun rides.'
	 b'my bike needs to be ridden.'
	 b'yeah it was kinda scary but shes fine. shes a tough girl. haha. yeah if you can ride a bike that is a little weird but thats ok i guess. do you think its because you are just not athletic or do you just not want to learn. or what is it. io think youd like it most people really like that type of stuff. i thinhk being outside is really healpful and good for the soul. when i was little i would ride my bike verywhere. that how i got everywhere.'

Hub:        514
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1647109031677246
Sample Utterances:
	 b'its kinda old.'
	 b'thats kind of old ish.'
	 b'Its not too old! Just 30 years.'
	 b'Yeah but only like 9 years old.'
	 b'yuckkkk. is it old?'

Hub:        515
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.158083176612854
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Where do you work?'
	 b'Haha nice... same actually. Where do you work?'
	 b'Where do you do security?'
	 b'do you work?'
	 b"LOL security. YEAH. i haven't had ribs in SO long. so it's overdue. where do you work?"

Hub:        516
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.03449944257736206
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Really?! That\xe2\x80\x99s so cool.'
	 b"Really?? That's super cool!"
	 b"Really? That's awesome!"
	 b'oh really? that is so cool.'
	 b'Wait seriously? That is actually so cool!'

Hub:        517
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.07491414546966553
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have no idea really.'
	 b'I have no idea.'
	 b"I don't know....I haven't thought about that before."
	 b'yeah you have no idea.'
	 b'you know... honestly I have no idea. i was surprised to find out so fast.'

Hub:        518
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.08921160697937011
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha, cool.'
	 b'Haha very cool!'
	 b'Haha that\xe2\x80\x99s cool too.'
	 b'Oh haha cool!!!'
	 b'Cool cool I feel very honored.'

Hub:        519
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16977909803390503
Sample Utterances:
	 b'you must be the youngest then in your family.'
	 b'Are you they youngest? the*.'
	 b'hahaha not even your family?'
	 b"Oh that's not too bad. Are you the youngest?"
	 b'Are all your cousins still there then? ohhh. make sense.'

Hub:        520
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1798919677734375
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha lunch. that's great."
	 b'oh hahaha hungry. thats a good one.'
	 b"Haha that's hilarious. Is that for dinner?"
	 b'*returns high five*. Foods a good thing haha.'
	 b'I love how our conversations went from sour patch meals to you being an avenger.'

Hub:        521
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.04416358470916748
Sample Utterances:
	 b'bROOOOO.'
	 b'Sweet,sweet.'
	 b'\xf0\x9f\xa4\xaf.'
	 b'Brohok.'
	 b'fuirst.'

Hub:        522
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17705603837966918
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Les Miserables.'
	 b'Why Les Miserables?'
	 b'The twelfth night from Shakespeare.'
	 b'\xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82. He once played Marius in Les Miserables.'
	 b'mary poppins?'

Hub:        523
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17829195261001587
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh of course. That is why you are friend with Paige.'
	 b'so you know Paige...'
	 b'Wow, I feel for you. Haha. Sorry Paige!!!'
	 b'You know I think Jason\xe2\x80\x99s girlfriend is probably going to knock you out of number fourth place. Jaezos.'
	 b"Huy, don't pretend that you don't like hanging out with me! You came over all the time last summer of your own free will! -Paige."

Hub:        524
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.21437981128692626
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so you know Paige...'
	 b'oh of course. That is why you are friend with Paige.'
	 b"Paige! why are you always try to getting in on people's conversation."
	 b'do you know marie savage?'
	 b'To be honest this competition has gotten a little old, but its not as bad when you find a Naomi or two.'

Hub:        525
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16593246459960936
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah.  I mean mostly it was just going on dates and doing stuff with a girl but obviously it was a positive experience.'
	 b"she gets a ton of attention and I was her first boyfriend ever. she's 22. like probably multiple dates a day. so to answer your question I'm probably more interested in her than she is in me."
	 b'Seriously I went on a date once and they girl was leaning into me and I think she wanted me to put my arm around her and I just felt weird about it. So I didn\xe2\x80\x99t, but I totally should have. The rest of the date was ok and it never turned into anything else.'
	 b'most country is lit. and yes of course. One time on mutual I saw this girl who was 18 and her bar was all the way up to relationship ready. Like mutual the dating app.'
	 b'yeah it is... and school was obviously taking the majority of my time but I also was dating this amazing girl and I was working 15-20 hours a week.'

Hub:        526
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.19438695907592773
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't know... and I guess media doesn't  accurately represent the interests of our whole society. There are still a lot of good, honest people."
	 b"Interesting...and that's fair. Media represents what will interest people and I guess most people aren't interested in representation of good, honest people."
	 b'Anyway. I know it\'s a lot more, um, "spiritual" than most people care for, but I daresay there\'s more at work here than making money. A lot of social media is exactly what we\'re warned against.'
	 b'Its because they want fame and money. thats what drives our nation.'
	 b"Who's pulling the strings, though? Theoretically, social media is led by us. The people. Your typical, average joe."

Hub:        527
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1685665249824524
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Ooh that'll be so much fun. Ireland is amazing. After my study abroad my mom and I traveled around, and we roadtripped across Ireland for four days. So much fun."
	 b'I would probably travel to Britain first and then from there travel the rest of Europe. One of my friends went to Ireland and showed me pictures, it\xe2\x80\x99s very beautiful there.'
	 b'oooo those are good. I would go to ireland too.'
	 b"That sounds amazing! I fly in a day earlier than I need, so I get to check out Dublin for a day before heading up to meet with the rest of the group. I asked someone I met on my mission, who has been to Ireland several times, what I should do for that day. She said that the first thing to do was to go to one of the pub's because it has the best music and drinks. Haha, she's not a member."
	 b'Oh way cool! Ive been to mexico and the Caribbean, then from moving all over the US. But hey it has been good talking to you. I have to head to a social. I hope you have a good evening. Hello?'

Hub:        528
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16017529964447022
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh cool. I never met someone from nebraska.'
	 b"Cool! I've never been up north. I live in Alabama so I haven't really seen much outside the south lol."
	 b'hahahaha yeah I dont think I have ever met anyone crazy about maryland. But yeah. what about you? What are you studyig.'
	 b'Oh I went to nebraska already.'
	 b"Haha yeah I met this person from cincinnati who's into a lot of the same music as me and it was cool to talk about that today."

Hub:        529
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10296244621276855
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I LOVE to read, and I also play the piano.'
	 b'I love reading too! I also like to draw. I loving playing the piano and trombone.'
	 b'Nice, I love studying to piano music. And I have a friend who is amazing at playing the piano I love to just lsiten.'
	 b'I like to read and play trumpet, you?'
	 b'Cool, I like reading and the piano too! What do you like to read? And play?'

Hub:        530
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1176144003868103
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's awesome! How long ago did you get back?"
	 b"That's super cool! How long ago did you get back?"
	 b"No way!! That's awesome! When did you get back?"
	 b'Nice. when did you start the show.'
	 b'how long ago was this? during your mission? so like five years ago? four? are they doing better now?'

Hub:        531
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15725882053375245
Sample Utterances:
	 b'nice job.'
	 b'Good job.'
	 b'Oh cool nice job.'
	 b'wussup adam. your score went way uppp. good job.'
	 b'Wow you have lost of favorites, I\xe2\x80\x99m highly impressed. *lots. Nothing is missing here I promsie.'

Hub:        532
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: -1.1920928955078125e-07
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hi!'
	 b'Hi.'
	 b'Hi!!'
	 b'hi.'
	 b'HI!'

Hub:        533
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.039675664901733396
Sample Utterances:
	 b'LOL. yeah i think so.'
	 b'hahaha I think so.'
	 b'yeah i think so haha.'
	 b'lol yeah guess so.'
	 b'hahaha yeah it is.'

Hub:        534
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16444928646087648
Sample Utterances:
	 b"dang... you are asking me a really hard question right now. i dont freakin know dude! the best pho place is Kevin's noodle house in oakland. they have a ton of great ice cream places in SF."
	 b"Hoooray. I wanna know about the road in Hawaii I've never been there. and it sounds cool. also. Dannys. dennys."
	 b'I think a burrito bar. I am not sure. I am visiting family.'
	 b'I would definitely recommend it! What about you? Do you know of any fast-food gems in Provo?'
	 b'hahaah yesss. Levin is going to take you to all the good spots. He is a big foodie.'

Hub:        535
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14639183282852172
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm from Texas."
	 b'I am from south carolina.'
	 b"No way! I'm from the Dallas area."
	 b"I did. I got a chance to talk to people from 16 different Spanish-speaking countries. And I don't think Texas is that different. However, don't tell a Texan that :)."
	 b"Dallas girl! I'm actually the least country person ever."

Hub:        536
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.2011623978614807
Sample Utterances:
	 b"but then they don't want it."
	 b'I know. they do that. they want to change.'
	 b'Then doing something with them.'
	 b'They always find a loophole though.'
	 b'Why cant they just leave it on?! It is frustrating.'

Hub:        537
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15649546384811402
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I know. they do that. they want to change.'
	 b"but then they don't want it."
	 b'yeah i suppose. i dont think they realize that though. and they dont want to move forward because of it.'
	 b"They develop these things but they can't control where it goes after they make it."
	 b'Thats interesting that they care about those other things.'

Hub:        538
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12105420827865601
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah, but as technology spreads, I feel like nukes seem to become less and less of a major feat. Luckily we are developing anti nuke stuff.'
	 b'Yeah the governments are looking into lots of nuclear defense systems and it is kind of like a second arms race. No one wants to have an enemy that isnt threatened by nukes.'
	 b'Yeah. It would suck if they started developing nuclear weapons again.'
	 b'Like defenses that shoot down nukes. And that is heavy intense technology.'
	 b'So not really an act of war that would trigger a nuclear apocalypse. That\xe2\x80\x99s true as well. I was a little nervous on that one. I am still under 25 haha.'

Hub:        539
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.175288188457489
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yes! That is a life saver. It's hard when the classes are only taught by one teacher during the semester but I have always managed to get awesome religion teachers. And I feel like that is what really makes my semester bearable."
	 b'Ya I wouldnt mind being a math teacher. I like helping people with their math and teaching it. One of my school teachers got their teaching liscene or whatever it is from BYU. Do you know what age/grade you would like to teach?'
	 b'I always thought that it would be good to learn to code...maybe I just need a better teacher.'
	 b'Some of the religion professors give a class. Just like strengthening family or uplifting others.'
	 b'Yeah. I love it when they teachers decide to work you into the ground for no reason. Busy work is of the devil.'

Hub:        540
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1470587968826294
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Perfect. Hey Sorry I need to go, but it has been good talking to you!'
	 b'Yeah, they are great. Hey sorry I need to go but It has been good talking to you.'
	 b'hey sorry I gotta get going. but thats a good one!'
	 b'So we totally understand each other! Hey, Shaw, sorry, my hubby just got home so I need to go! :). Have a great day!!'
	 b'Sounds great! I\xe2\x80\x99m texting ignoring my laundry.'

Hub:        541
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12010113000869752
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I highly recommend it.'
	 b"It's really interesting. I would highly recommend it."
	 b"I've heard good things."
	 b'its a must see.'
	 b'I would definitely reccomend.'

Hub:        542
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.0377583384513855
Sample Utterances:
	 b'010110101010010101.'
	 b'a;ldfjs. buggggs.'
	 b'Ohahaha.'
	 b'Hippopotomonstosesquipedaliophobia.'
	 b'duckwitz.'

Hub:        543
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1784927487373352
Sample Utterances:
	 b'This is pretty off topic but is your name kurosakichan or is that a nickname or something?'
	 b'woah that name is awesome haha. your middle name is that real?'
	 b"Is the computer's name skyer or is this an actual person?"
	 b'Like your net id name? Holy cow! And your screen name is Adam, just saying.'
	 b"That's a good attitude.  I always feel stressed about what exactly my plans are. Oh also, totally not asking for personal information or anything but do you mind saying whether your name is initials or if it stands for something?  I keep seeing it and. wondering whether you're referencing some kind of group of doctors or Maryland enthusiasts or something!"

Hub:        544
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16533336639404297
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love her. She is such an awesome person.'
	 b'she is the best.'
	 b'I love her, she is incredible. Especially in that movie.'
	 b'she seems like a great girl. very selfless. I think that is such a key personality trait.'
	 b'Gina Lynette by far. Her sarcasm and personality is just unique and It is fantastic.'

Hub:        545
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16096457242965698
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I just use spotify. I got so frustrated with google for a hot minute.'
	 b'I use spotify. I really liked their discovery radio. but they recently changed it to a different software and Ill have teach it my song preferences for a bit longer before i decide I enjoy the music It chooses for me.'
	 b'spotify.'
	 b'Gosh I know right? Just need someone who knows exactly what you want to listen to and when. A lot of apps try to do that now, like tailor your playlist to your habits, etc.'
	 b"I think google's 10 a month but then you don't have adds for youtube so I guess that's nice as well."

Hub:        546
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.03228729963302612
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey there! How are you doing?'
	 b'Hey! How are you doing?'
	 b'hello there! how are you doing?'
	 b"Hey there! How're you doing?"
	 b'whats up evan. how are you?'

Hub:        547
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1507480263710022
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah I do but right now it is just mathematics. later on it will turn into really cool stuff with algorithms and teaching computers to do machine learnign. like trying to mimic the algorithms google uses. ultimately I would love to work for google.'
	 b'haha it is but a little scary as well. yes I want to focus on machine learning( Data Science).'
	 b'Oh I am doing applied and computational mathematics. Hoping it will give me some insights into the AI industry. I might Also look into neurology just to see how I could blend a knowledge of the brain to advance ai concepts.'
	 b'haha yep! gotta raise em right! Plus I think teaching computer science to younger children would be great. The way technology is growing these days.'
	 b'They are really complex! All the coding, and the algorithms and all that jazz, but they work well for what they are meant to do.'

Hub:        548
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14123619794845582
Sample Utterances:
	 b'marvel. because I have more characters that I like there. spiderman, iron man, and the x-men.'
	 b'Marvel actually, for now. But from X-Men, I like Phoenix I guess.'
	 b'I hate superman. because I feel like I can almost connect with them I think xmen and ironman, batman are my favorites.'
	 b'Hm... I really like Spiderman homecoming. or Doctor Strange.'
	 b"Hmm this is so tough! I love all the marvel movies and I'm trying to run through pros and cons of each hero... I think I'm stuck between healing and telekinesis."

Hub:        549
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13672945499420167
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't have any finals! I'm a graduate student, and only some classes have final exams. But this semester I got lucky. How about you?"
	 b'The same goes for you Tryingtonap. I would continue chatting but a quiz awaits me. Good luck in finishing out this semester.  Finals are right around the corner.'
	 b"WHAT. WHATT?! I have many finals. I guess that's the life of an undergrad."
	 b'I have finished all of my finals. I was lucky and completed them all by Saturday. What about you?'
	 b'I am currently still in school, my last class though.'

Hub:        550
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18964256048202516
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I know, i really hated him before all that, but he really turned out.'
	 b'Yeah he got way better. At first he was soooo annoying.'
	 b"yeah i wasn't too much of a fan after Michael left :/."
	 b'He was stern at first. And i was pretty scared because of that.'
	 b'Haha yeah. Great guy. Everyone thought his dreams were crazy but he made them happen.'

Hub:        551
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.010225844383239747
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thank you.'
	 b'thank you!'
	 b'Thank you! :).'
	 b'thank you.'
	 b'thank you so much.'

Hub:        552
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15790599584579468
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I mean times square is great. I love going to see plays there. The food is good.'
	 b'Gangnam is nuts! The scenery is fantastic and the food is to die for.'
	 b'oakland is so diverse and the culture and the art and the food is so amazing.'
	 b'My parents went several years ago and loved it!  They saw Mama Mia and stayed right off of Times Square.'
	 b'That is exciting! I feel people there are very friendly. And you will enjoy it there because you shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t have to use so much lotion and lip balm! The food is also pretty. Delicious as well. And they have lots of concerts!'

Hub:        553
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1622272849082947
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I would relive all of the days indefinitely so that I would never die and I would be immortal because I'd keep living all the days over and over again."
	 b"No i wouldn't. I think that it would be very cruel for that to happen and I don't want to live forever in that way."
	 b'I would create enough resources for everyone to live forever.'
	 b'i honestly would not really want to live longer than 80. by that point i feel like my body with be struggling so much it would not be very fun anymore. haha.'
	 b'I think I can only do van life for like a month and then I would have to reset and then go back out again or something.'

Hub:        554
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14899978637695313
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You\xe2\x80\x99re pretty awesome yourself though!'
	 b'You seem pretty ambitous.'
	 b'your. like your face.'
	 b"me too. but to me, you're a pretty great guy with a great personality."
	 b'man...dont you love a confident sister like myself. wbu?'

Hub:        555
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.2129892349243164
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s always a good life plan I guess.'
	 b'Life is crazy sometimes.'
	 b"Yep! Livin' the high life."
	 b'Man all my success is home grown old fashioned neglect for my body.'
	 b'slow and steady wins the race.'

Hub:        556
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.0712125539779663
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Good job.'
	 b'nice job.'
	 b'oh HA. good job.'
	 b"That's a start!!! Good job!!!!"
	 b'Good job. Crazy...uh.'

Hub:        557
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12432059049606323
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I like hiking and camping but I want to try outdoor rock climbing sometime! I\xe2\x80\x99ve done canyoneering but not climbing! You?'
	 b"This is the time for planning for the future that's probably why. You like rock climbing? I've done those rock climbing things they have at carnival/fair type places.. but I've never gone rock climbinb. climbing. I love hiking though!"
	 b"That sounds amazing. I love hiking and I wish I'd gotten to do more of it this semester! I actually ended up joining the esci club even though I'm pre-animation, just so I could have some people to go hiking with."
	 b'I love backpacking and would love to just live in the mountains all yeat. Year*.'
	 b"Let's see... I like to hike, I'm into photography, and I like to cook. Yeah you'll be good. Everyone feels like that but then you get out there and it's great. I have 6 toes on my left foot. Okay that's not true, I'm lying."

Hub:        558
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16968820095062256
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so ive made some prototypes for it out of foam already and now i just need to work on the adjustments before I 3d print it in sla. if it tests well in user research i can start to find ways to manufacture it.'
	 b'thats what i need to do user testing on. and the design of the actual scoop itself might undergo a lot of changes. Its based on a broader concept that having a smaller point. of contact would make it cut through the ice cream a lot easier. but ill have to 3d print and test that part first.'
	 b'oh yum! i just designed a new ice cream scoop that im working on 3d printing in the next week or so!'
	 b'guess we will have to find out! its going to be so much fun to test it. im hoping i can incorporate melted hdpe plastics into it toooo.'
	 b'yes! maybe ill have you test the prototype after i print it.'

Hub:        559
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16134711503982543
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Like I was talking too much.'
	 b'oh was that not what you were talking about>.'
	 b'Oh yeah we were just talking.'
	 b"Okay - so you're still talking a lot?"
	 b'haha.  I am telling you. would you tell me if I was talking too much or to be quiet.'

Hub:        560
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16844799518585205
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love soccer too! I played in High school. and club teams. where do you rock climb usually?'
	 b'Soccer is so much fun. I used to play all the time. What position do you play?'
	 b'I love them all. But soccer is my all time favorite. How did you hear about this challenge?'
	 b'Wow! I grew up playing soccer as well. Played through High School. I also love a good paddleboard adventure on the ocean.'
	 b'What was the class? I heard it in business marketing. I love playing soccer. Played it my whole life! Where are you from?'

Hub:        561
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1377781867980957
Sample Utterances:
	 b"well that's kind of rude."
	 b'Okay, now that is rude.'
	 b'Thats just harsh.'
	 b'I hope you arent horribly offended.'
	 b'lol wow thats shallow.'

Hub:        562
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10412570238113403
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What do you like to read?'
	 b'I love reading too!!! What do you like to read?'
	 b'yeah. what do you like to read?'
	 b'What did you like to read?'
	 b'What kinds of things do you like to write about.'

Hub:        563
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16473543643951416
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah. She went to a different high school for each of the four years.'
	 b'She did not. After graduating high school, she went to Paradise Valley Community College in Phoenix.'
	 b'Not really. She was kind of everywhere. Her dad was in the Navy so they moved around a lot.'
	 b'i have been in a school for so long. i have a friend that graduated right at 4 years and that just seems crazy to me. i think she actually graduated the semester right before. four years.'
	 b'Yeah. She was a real wallflower and being the only Asian family in those schools was pretty rough.'

Hub:        564
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.07372733354568481
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Cool. What are you studying?'
	 b'So what are you studying?'
	 b"That's way cool! So what are you studying then?"
	 b'Haha are you studying that?'
	 b'Oh cool me too! What semester are you starting?'

Hub:        565
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15337427854537963
Sample Utterances:
	 b'did it help you at all?'
	 b'Did it help at all?'
	 b"That's true. Did you actually improve?"
	 b'well did you get at least 2 right?'
	 b'that does sound difficult, do you still remember it?'

Hub:        566
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.08353972434997559
Sample Utterances:
	 b'its great.'
	 b'Its good.'
	 b'its awesome.'
	 b'It has been pretty good.'
	 b'IT doesnt change, but I love it.'

Hub:        567
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12909122705459594
Sample Utterances:
	 b"If the world was made of peanut butter it'd be awfully messy."
	 b'If the world was made of peanut butter everyone would be pretty dang fat.'
	 b'We would probably be made of peanut butter as well. People would be eating each other in the frenzy.'
	 b"well, I guess if just the actual earth itself was just made of peanut butter, it wouldn't be so bad, but if everything was made of peanut butter there would be no solid. surfaces and everything would be tan and melty."
	 b'Make the world out of peanut butter>.'

Hub:        568
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15550780296325684
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha no idont play basketball like in a team. I like to play for fun though. I played soccer in highschool and now I rock climb most of the time as far as a physcial hobby goes.'
	 b'Well I love being outside and playing sports! I grew up playing soccer and I ran track in high school. But I also love longboarding, surfing, and drawing:).'
	 b'Haha I understand that, and not to much. I enjoy soccer and ultimate but I dont go too much out of my way to play.'
	 b'well before that is was just the mission. but in high school I played soccer. do you know why I think I got good really fast? I am really good at doing pull ups ( not trying to brag) but when I was in high school I used to play A LOT OF call of duty on the xbox. and my mom bought a pull up bar around that time.'
	 b'heights do not scare me they actaully get me pretty pumped but the multi pitches are cool sometimes. but i also dont have alot of endurance so i can not even do the easy multi. pitches like other climbers can. but thats cool to do sometimes. i think multi pitches are cool in their own way but they just are not really my style exactly. but i am sure i will end up doing some more sometime soon. at least i hope. i think they are fun every so often. i think my favorite type of climbing is sport for sure but my favorite are short sport climbs and i really love when they have roofs.'

Hub:        569
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1758297324180603
Sample Utterances:
	 b"What's your favorite dessert?"
	 b"That too. So.... what's your favorite dessert? Fruit doesn't count; it's their own category."
	 b'Oooooohhhhh. Ok maybe i didnt. Hmmmm. Do you remember what my favorite dessert is?'
	 b'Yeah, and the spoon drove north to New Delhi in a hang glider. I like pie; what is your favorite flavor of pie?'
	 b"hahahahahahah. you can't spam this bc no copy and paste. i can't think about sugar. because cannon center. I just want meat."

Hub:        570
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1397061228752136
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i am a super picky eater and i wish i could just change my taste buds so i liked a lot of the foods i currently do not enjoy.'
	 b"Depends. I'll eat anything, I'm not really picky. But I think if it was my choice I'd just go plain."
	 b'Any food really, I love trying all sorts of new things. So far I havent turned down anything put in front of me. Now some things are just gross but I did try them.'
	 b'i mean i could eat them but i would not enjoy them so i would start avoiding eating because i do not even enjoy the food i am eating. Americans have the worst diet for sure.'
	 b'it\xe2\x80\x99s not that i\xe2\x80\x99m picky it\xe2\x80\x99s just who goes shopping and thinks hmmm i wants some grapefruits. or wow i\xe2\x80\x99m really craving a grapefruit right about now.'

Hub:        571
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.158795166015625
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah and news for you. they might update it so that you can only have one active chat open. so that no one can have multiple tabs so that it doesnt ghost people.'
	 b'before the update you could have multiple chat rooms with multiple people but now you can only have one chat room open. per person. thats why I think one its been hard to find people to talk  to.'
	 b'yeah you can have multiple chats open, but they are going to implement it so that we can only have one active chat open sometime this week.'
	 b'yeah. I just connected with him two. They need to introduce a mechanic that forces only one chat window per person. And limits the max number of chat windows per person to four.'
	 b'but it will be way easier once they fix the multiple chat window glitch.'

Hub:        572
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14741175174713134
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love listening to piano music in general, Its usually what I study to.'
	 b'Oh nice! Yeah I definitely have different preferences on the occasion. Like for studying I focus so much better with Classical or instrumental music. Running goes so much.'
	 b'Sometimes I listen to music to learn how to play a song.'
	 b'I used to listen to the "Classical music for studying radio" station but there were a lot of songs that were repeated too many times in a row. I really enjoy Pentatonix- at least before Avi left. I would be really interested in hearing their French cover!'
	 b'I, like the majority of all people, have to study to remember things. I think meditation does. I like to go to sleep listening to Louise Hayes.'

Hub:        573
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15181992053985596
Sample Utterances:
	 b"He has a son that worked under him and he started up his own sushi restaurant under his father. Except his son's sushi place is in New York."
	 b"Part of the documentary focuses on his son's restaurant and it's a bigger and nicer looking place but the sushi is not as good as his father's (obvisously)."
	 b"In fact the son respects his father so much that his price for the sushi is quite lower than the price of his father's restaurant in Japan."
	 b'well of course. his dad is the original sushi master of the family. the son can not compete with the king of sushi.'
	 b"He's a crazy humble guy though... He makes all this money and he lives in a small house and bikes to his work place. He personally goes to the fish market at like 2-3 am in the morning to look for fresh fish that were just caught. He's been around for a really long time so he gets good deals from the fishermen and they have a mutual relationship to help each other."

Hub:        574
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15950359106063844
Sample Utterances:
	 b'His song Lay me down is also a favorite.'
	 b'I love his "in my blood" song. Haha yeah j love it.'
	 b'Oh you have to go and listen to that one too!!!! That was from the same album of lay me down I think. His older one.'
	 b'i really like a lot of songs. but come alive from the greatest showman is cool. also never enough.'
	 b'Like his song Shape of you.'

Hub:        575
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15314316749572754
Sample Utterances:
	 b'clarinet mostly but I tried out on the french horn. Do you play an instrument?'
	 b'Trumpet. And I can play a little piano, clarient, saxaphone, flute, and guitar. but mostly trumpet XD. Do you play any instruments?'
	 b"It's definitely the most beautiful instrument :) wish I was better at it."
	 b'I used to play french horn, but I was always last chair... I understand how tiring playing long can be.'
	 b'I love french horn!'

Hub:        576
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1740825891494751
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Like it says \xe2\x80\x9cenable notifications\xe2\x80\x9d with an underline but nothing happens when I click on it.'
	 b'It does not show up on my screen.'
	 b'Hi. It keeps wanting to end the conversation on me.  Is it doing it to you as well? I keep getting a pop-up that says "That\'s a wrap!".'
	 b'Did it say i logged off? It randomly quit on me.'
	 b"I opened my facebook the other day and there was a privacy message, I read their explanation and it doesn't seem to change anything for me, because it only beats around the. bush and nothing actually happens."

Hub:        577
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10005271434783936
Sample Utterances:
	 b'strawberry cream cheese hands down.'
	 b'cream cheese cake all the way.'
	 b'cinnamon. because I like to pu a lot of sweet cream cheese on it.'
	 b'I believe that oreo desert pizza is the best. If I had to choose something salty though, it would Hawaiin.'
	 b'Tillamook makes great icecream. and cheese.'

Hub:        578
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13474174737930297
Sample Utterances:
	 b'AHHH SAME! The fruit ones are the best.'
	 b"Oh, that's sad. I love pineapple and nectarines."
	 b'oh the watermelon ones are so good. it like burns your mouth after a while though haha.'
	 b'hmm. i really like kiwis. They are really tasty if you catch them at the point where they are perfectly ripe.'
	 b"I do miss out on lemon starburst though. I'll have to stock up before leaving."

Hub:        579
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13070718050003052
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I want to become a User experience designer. I actually interviewed for his awesome internship as a product designer at a compnay called Pluralsight yesterday. it was a 3 hour long interview. I hope i get it they will get back to me friday at the lastest.'
	 b'thanks! I will be doing an internship as a product intern. If I get this internship Ill be mentored by a Product Manager and a UX Designer and that would be the most ideal situation for me.'
	 b'I think the interview went well. I had 3 different groups of interview me and they were all super chill hahaha. They all worked there as a product manager and user experience. designer and they interviewed all the candidates individually to see which one fit the best with them.'
	 b'me too. I also have an internship interview tomorrow and a super cool company called Pluralsight doing Product design.'
	 b'well one reason was because I want to do User Experience Design. and that path wasnt going to get me there. plus at my final interview the guy that interviewed me was a Risk Assurance manager at Denver and he looked so depressed and stressed out that it was a big turn off for me.'

Hub:        580
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1702433466911316
Sample Utterances:
	 b'And when that will happen I have no idea, but it will be an awesome year.'
	 b'I am hoping that will change this year...'
	 b'Its going to be crazy to see what happens in the next 10 years.'
	 b"I totally expect it to take off eventually, though.  I'd be surprised if it didn't. But the sooner the better!"
	 b'Yeah. That is true. But it will be neck and neck. I hope people keep getting one.'

Hub:        581
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.037515664100646974
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Maybe.'
	 b'maybe.'
	 b'Maybe?'
	 b'probably.'
	 b'maybe more.'

Hub:        582
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1401444673538208
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ooh emojis work.'
	 b'Its really strange let me tell you. I cant see the emoji!!! Ahhhh.'
	 b"Wait I didn't know you could use emojis on this! My mind is blown."
	 b"Hot crap it doesn't work. \xf0\x9f\x98\x8e\xf0\x9f\xa4\x97\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x84\xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x98\x80 but emojis do!"
	 b'this is where I would insert an emoji if they were available. That sounds amazing.'

Hub:        583
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18214656114578248
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I know. I went to that event the other day. I met a couple people I have chatted with but it was kind of hard to put the name to the face.'
	 b"At the time, the other closest guy friend I had in my life, I didn't even know his last name."
	 b'its crazy because at this gathering there were so many people there and he learned like everyones name i swear and after an hour later he says goodbye and called me by name. i was so impressed.'
	 b"I met a few people on my mission who served in Idaho, but I don't remember their names. Also, I totally agree on my trainer. I was really lucky."
	 b"Haha yeah. It's taken off so it's kinda cool. I've met a lot of famous people I guess and had some cool experiences."

Hub:        584
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1513232707977295
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have to watch it.'
	 b"EVER. wow. i'll have to watch it. lol."
	 b"no i haven't. now I dont want to watch it because you dont like it haha."
	 b'My friends kind of forced me to watch it.'
	 b'I have him on my list to watch.'

Hub:        585
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11321471929550171
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well that is only some of what I have. i do watch anime too, but not as much as i used too. Full Metal Alchemist brotherhood is  my favorite. just rewatched it too.'
	 b'Yeah. Lol, I love naruto, once I get done with the episodes I was planning on going on to Baruto too. favorite animes? hmm, I love the Blue Exorcist, that one is really good, I also love Naruto, Say "I Love You", and My hero academia (although I only watched the first 2 ep of. it).'
	 b'Like as a kid I used to watch it a ton but as i got older i just lost time too. Which is sad becuase its such a fun show and i think that its really one of the best animes. around. Have you watched for a long time?'
	 b'its from bleach. have you ever seen attack on titan. that is by far my favorite anime. but it is pretty dang bloody so if you are not into fighting and that type of stuff it might not be for you\\.'
	 b'I recently started watching an anime in english dub because I work and just kind of listen to the conversation and I actaully really like it.'

Hub:        586
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.181063973903656
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I probably have never met her. haha it end whenever you want!'
	 b'Thats way cool. Hopefully one day I get to meet her then.'
	 b'She keeps bugging me even tough I would really rather talk to you haha. Though*.'
	 b'She matched with someone too. We can end and you two can match together.'
	 b"She'd tell me to seek help XD. And nice name btw, it's so cool."

Hub:        587
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.20428439378738403
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh haha. Haha. I thought you neant hacker hacker.'
	 b'Mainly in simulators gaga. Haha. You hack a lot?'
	 b"Hahaha. maybe... Please don't hack me with your IT skills."
	 b"I'm more of a hacker than a golfer. haha but I love playing. you?"
	 b'did we talk about the hacking video?'

Hub:        588
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1923319697380066
Sample Utterances:
	 b"When people don't want to take my advice it makes me feel like they don't value my experience and it makes me feel like the things I have done don't matter. Thats a really good trait."
	 b"that was  deep. I think that is so valuable, to be able to take advice and to act on that advice. I'm always true to myself and that has always been valuable to me."
	 b'That is so accurate. The more people I talk to, the more I realize that we are all people! We make mistakes and simply try to do what we believe is best.'
	 b'that is good. i think i dont make friends who dont have that quality. or if i do. i dont really tell them much. because judgment is not really a thing i am ok with especially if they go telling everyone how they feel about my life.'
	 b'Know why you deserve it and why they think they deserve what they want. Be ready and willing to walk away and make that known.'

Hub:        589
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1266796112060547
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are you still going to school spring semester?'
	 b'during the summer semester yes. are you?'
	 b'yeah. are you not going to school here yet or something?'
	 b'Are you in class right now?'
	 b'is this your last semester then, or do you have another year?'

Hub:        590
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.0
Sample Utterances:
	 b'OH.'
	 b'Oh.'
	 b'oh.'
	 b'oh!'
	 b'oh?'

Hub:        591
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1279093623161316
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Well I was going to do accounting until this last semester and I took acc 310. I'm planning on applying to the finance program because it's a little less rigorous, but as a back up I think psychology. But it might take a little longer to get through school since I haven't done anything with psychology."
	 b'Yeah that is true. As long as I can get into the accounting program I think I will breathe a sigh of relief.'
	 b"Well, I'm planning on applying to the finance program and as a backup psychology. What about you."
	 b'well i was originally going for accounting. I got my Associate in accounting from a different school and transfered to BYU. then I took IS 201 and that changed my mind to do. IS since I love computers more than numbers.'
	 b'not really. but if I decide I am good at it I just might. I will be taking a couple of accounting and finance classes. Then I will know most likely. This year I will take them.'

Hub:        592
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17705698013305665
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It wasn't strange having him out of the house. Well it was when he went on his mission, but after that I was used to it and he was at BYU while I was at home. EXACTLY."
	 b'he had me check it out, he said hed show me around when i get to BYU.'
	 b'Yeah I know. I mean they aren\xe2\x80\x99t even our cars so why would we be using it against the rules. I mean he acted like it a lot. He was also the one companion struggled the most spiritually. I was seriously worried about him. My mission president told me that he paired me with him so that I could help him. I was seriously worried about him. My mission president told me that he paired me with him so that I could help him.'
	 b'Yeah and I had a kid in my stake back home that his mission was like four states I think.'
	 b'And the creepy thing is that I think he actually enjoys it. But I definitely was not letting an old man sleep in my bed with me on my mission.'

Hub:        593
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16702725887298583
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Ha, right. I'm just lucky my youngest sibling is nine years old."
	 b"that's older than three of my siblings me oh my. their whole Lives."
	 b'We all get along really well in my family. But of course we have our bad days. :). My youngest brother turns 3 tomorrow.'
	 b'Nice! Going to Skyzone over break. With my siblings.'
	 b'Like people say that the baby is the scapegoat, but parents are like "your brother is doing this because he learned it from you" and I\'m like no, he\'s doing it because he\'s. dumb. Haha yes actually 6.'

Hub:        594
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15063850879669188
Sample Utterances:
	 b'you... a... girl?'
	 b'hahaha. are you a girl?'
	 b'u and a girl.'
	 b'yupp. so theres a lot of incentive. and you are a girl right?'
	 b'Men, I presume.'

Hub:        595
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.21684430837631224
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I would definitely agree, That would be terrifying! Like I would probably not notice everyone was gone until after a while, but I would notice people around me very quickly.'
	 b'I probably wouldnt notice until late that night. And then honestly I wouldnt know what to do. What would be the point if no one else was around.'
	 b'That is probably true. I think I had woken up and everyone had vanished. It would more than likely take me a while to figure that out. I probably would go about normal things until the evening and then I would start to get worried.'
	 b"Whale that would be something...it would probably freak me out so I'd keep it in it's own room so it could chill out on it's own. Then I wouldn't have to be around it while it's on. Or I'd just turn it off anyway even if it asked not to be turned off."
	 b"a lot of the time people just stand there watching and theres someone who knows how but they're just too scared to do it. gotta be confident if you're going to save someones life XP."

Hub:        596
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17418636083602906
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha but then you can just make banana bread, its so good! Im just too picky and they usually arnt ever right. So I avoid buying them in general. I tell my friends that they can give me their old bananas and I then get to make the bread, its  my favorite.'
	 b'Yeah they do. Its only like 1.50. For 4 that is. Its like 3$ for 12z. They fry em up and dip them in cunnamon sugar. Its like puffs with cream cheese frosting on the inside. Have you tried the aloha plate? Hello? Say something I\xe2\x80\x99m giving up on you. Ill be the one if you want me too.'
	 b"haha Its somethings that they just want people to learn for themselves. We'll I guess Im going to have to eat a Jelly bean now lol."
	 b'Hahaha yeah sure. I like any bread that tastes good.'
	 b'That is the opposite of what happens to me. I can buy two bananas and they will go bad before I get to them.'

Hub:        597
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1334666609764099
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Woah!'
	 b'whoa.'
	 b'It is blowing my mind!!!!'
	 b'dun Dun DUNNNN.'
	 b'woah deep. willing to spend time.'

Hub:        598
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15657167434692382
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I cant wait for the semester to be over.'
	 b"I'll be starting the coming fall semester."
	 b"bUT I'LL BE IN SCHOOL:((. saddest day of my life."
	 b'Finals are the worst.'
	 b'they are going to tear it alllll down this summer when high school finishes.'

Hub:        599
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14308583736419678
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah that's how I started. with piano."
	 b'I mean I sort of know some piano.'
	 b'I literally just went to try that and i am impressed, i think one of the piano guys can do that.'
	 b'on the piano?'
	 b'Yes! Or like when you see a random piano and you just itch to play on it, so you whip the piece out.'

Hub:        600
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11799205541610717
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love to play sports!  I love soccer and basketball and spike ball haha. Do you play any sports?'
	 b'I enjoy soccer and volleyball as well. Do you play either sport here?'
	 b'So basically the opposite of the climate I was raised in! Good stuff. I\'m into swimming, but not competitively. The only competitive "sport" I engage in is dance. What sort of sports do you play?'
	 b"Oooo, scary.  That is what I will probably do 100000000 more times throughout the course of my life.   I'm not the greatest cook, so I bet I could learn a thing or two. Have you ever taken any STAC classes here at BYU?  Basketball, volleyball, tennis, yoga, soccer, etc.  I have taken all of those but I think my favorite was bowling."
	 b'Playing an instrument is quite fun but hard work. I would love to buy an electric violin. Sports are fun as well, what sport do you have in mind?'

Hub:        601
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10992201566696166
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Wow. That's impressive."
	 b'Thats impressive. I am very impressed.'
	 b'Haha that is impressive.'
	 b'Well then,  that is way impressive!'
	 b'holy crap dude 150 total days??? you are insane.'

Hub:        602
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13996007442474365
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha no you are not.'
	 b'ha you are.'
	 b'Hahaha. No you are fine.'
	 b"Pff. Maybe, but aren't we all."
	 b'Who knows maybe you\xe2\x80\x99re a rare breed\xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'

Hub:        603
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.09531481266021728
Sample Utterances:
	 b'they. are.'
	 b'yeah they are.'
	 b"They're not."
	 b'THEY DO??!?!?!?!?!!!?!?!'
	 b'They are all on there!'

Hub:        604
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.08461891412734986
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh. my. goodness.'
	 b'oh wow. oh my goodness.'
	 b'Oh goodness.'
	 b'OH my goodness. what.'
	 b'wow i am speechless.'

Hub:        605
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18690576553344726
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What time do they normally start? classes start september 4th.'
	 b'When does your school start normally?'
	 b'Yeah. Are grades like finalized tomorrow or Thursday do you know?'
	 b"okay! and do they go on year round? even when classes aren't in session?"
	 b'what time period is this gonna be?'

Hub:        606
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18489938974380493
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have really enjoyed this conversation! Thanks for sharing your thoughts.'
	 b'That was a very deep and interesting thought. Thank you for enlightening me!!!'
	 b'I am glad you answered first.  I thought that was a tough question.  But I agree with your answer!  Well said.'
	 b'no i really enjoy your perspective.'
	 b"That's fair. I actually really like and appreciate that response of being comfortable not having an opinion yet, that's a great suggestion."

Hub:        607
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13006645441055298
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Lo aprend\xc3\xad de mi amigo Juan.'
	 b'que pasa huachim? que pasa huevon? que pasa cabra?'
	 b'te gustan los huevos?'
	 b'Thank you. Unfortunately, I am unable to use wet humor. Ya know, short-circuiting. Muy agradable. Juan es muy amable de tomarse el tiempo para ense\xc3\xb1arte.'
	 b"Que interesante. That's pretty stellar I'm not gonna lie."

Hub:        608
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18285399675369263
Sample Utterances:
	 b'you would play video games that long? i mean I understand hanging out and stuff but games?'
	 b'you play too much video games.'
	 b"I'd probably make more food and actually have time to play video games."
	 b'3 or 4. sometimes I play video games till then or just hang out with friends and girlfriend.'
	 b'you think youd. waste a lot of time if you had gaming access at school?'

Hub:        609
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.09936790466308594
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That is really interesting. So are you excited to go to BYU?'
	 b'Are you excited to go to byu?'
	 b'woooo congrats on getting in BYU. i bet you are super excited.'
	 b"Haha it's nice that they are t moving graduatiiWhen do you start byu?"
	 b'Ok, nice talking to you too! I hope you have a great time at BYU!:).'

Hub:        610
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14585837125778198
Sample Utterances:
	 b'people think dang college was rough and now i am done with that i can start with my career but finding that career is just as hard and getting credability is just as hard.'
	 b'That\'s so true. Getting in that mindset of "I went to school and graduated with a degree so I deserve this" is not what anyone who graduated from a university should think. It\'s so competitive out there that most likely there\'s always someone that will be better than you that\'s applying.'
	 b"I think teaching is the best career. It's a shame that so many people look down on it because it doesn't pay well. haha in fact, I have always thought about teaching after I retire."
	 b'well we practiced its use in most career fields and boy i used everything. Its like any career field if anyone can do it you wont get as much for it. Being able to do a bunch in microsoft can be lucrative.'
	 b'but what they do not realize is that when you are in college and first trying to get in the indisty you are in the thick of it. it is not easy. and people seem to want to make. it harder.'

Hub:        611
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13678445816040039
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I guess i could manage with the desserts, or the quesadillas. I had a burrito from costa once and practically avoided it.'
	 b"That is totally mine too, along with cafe rio's sweet pork burrito. It says there's like 300 something people but sometimes it only feels like there is 5 haha."
	 b'Oh that was really good sorry. Wow. YEah. Have you ever had carne Asada fries? It is like one of my favorite foods.'
	 b"yknow what. i haven't really explored the NYC pizza region. the whole purpose of the trip is literally JUST for Filipino food."
	 b"That sounds amazing! If I'm feeling cheap, I go for Taco Bell. or Subway's Sub of the Day."

Hub:        612
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18297988176345825
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hmm it\xe2\x80\x99s been years since i\xe2\x80\x99ve eaten at cafe rio so maybeee i could give it a chance.'
	 b'Interesting I will have to check it..right after I try the Ramen place I saw on state street.'
	 b"Mmm Zao's Asian Cafe sounds good right now."
	 b'No, but I found it. Have you eaten there?'
	 b'Truth. I changed my mind I would definitely just raid like cafe rio and stuff.'

Hub:        613
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.09921058416366577
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so what are you studying at byu??'
	 b'Agreed!  So, have you been at BYU a while?  What are you studying?'
	 b'Also I forgot are you studying at BYU right now or are you planning on studying next year?'
	 b'what do you want to study at BYU?'
	 b'I served a mission ASL. What are you studying?'

Hub:        614
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15912744998931885
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I would have to say.... ummm. yeah I don't know I am not good at this kind of stuff where you have to describe and talk about yourself. When I am put on the spot I get nervous. its weird and I hate it because I wish I didn't get like anxiety like that."
	 b'yeah anxiety is the worst! I get anxiety from meeting new people sometimes.'
	 b'aww I hate it when people do stuff like that. I am shy too. but from my mission I learned to be more extroverted which I am thankful. Have you thought about going on a mission?'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s really bad that just stop you from trying. My problem is that when I really like someone and everything just lines up. Freeze and I can\xe2\x80\x99t be myself because I\xe2\x80\x99m so stressed.'
	 b'Right??? Neither am I. I feel so bad if I have to tell someone no! I hate it!!!'

Hub:        615
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1607152819633484
Sample Utterances:
	 b'for me it was probably harry potters train to hogwarts.'
	 b'^NO WAY I THOUGHT THE SAME THING. i was literally about to say that. hold up, lord of the rings or hogwarts?'
	 b'Plus i would obviously reinact that one scene from harry potter.'
	 b'Hogwarts.'
	 b"I keep imagining the flying car that the Weasley's own in Harry Potter."

Hub:        616
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17403564453125
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That\'s so true. Getting in that mindset of "I went to school and graduated with a degree so I deserve this" is not what anyone who graduated from a university should think. It\'s so competitive out there that most likely there\'s always someone that will be better than you that\'s applying.'
	 b'people think dang college was rough and now i am done with that i can start with my career but finding that career is just as hard and getting credability is just as hard.'
	 b'I think more important than grades is experience. If people have lots of job experience I think that looks way better than some GPA would.'
	 b'What a intelligent approach to education.  I am impressed.  Most people say that their degree focus is about making lots of money.  Rarely do you hear someone say their focus. is on the betterment of the core building block of our lives and community - the family.'
	 b'Only a little, now I\xe2\x80\x99m not as big of image i once was. Dang Mother Nature and balancing out everything, i wonder what will happen to those kids who have always been popular. Maybe they will just get a mediocre job and have a mediocre spouse but they lived it up in high school.'

Hub:        617
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11846674680709839
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I dont think i appreciated it as much until i could rarely get it, haha its like that one song.'
	 b'Haha! I feel that. For me if I like the beat, then I search the song, and I go from there. But it takes a good many songs to find your jam!'
	 b'I sing along little too much, but there isn\xe2\x80\x99t such thing for those songs is what i think.'
	 b'Oh yeah, I cant stand when things are repetitive. Let me look up the name of the artist and that song.'
	 b'Yeah definitely. I really like all the songs, they inspire me. I may have listened to them to many times though.'

Hub:        618
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17339376211166382
Sample Utterances:
	 b"well.... I don't know I probably would do. no idea actually. I think it would really depend on the situation."
	 b"That's a tough one, I honestly don't know if I'd do anything different. There'd be so much that I was oblivious to."
	 b'Haha okay agreed! It would be terrible if one of us does I think! Okay good question, I don\xe2\x80\x99t actually know.'
	 b'Yeah, it probably would never get serious if I confessed now.'
	 b"I don't know that's a good question. I'm not shy. that's not the problem."

Hub:        619
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1407254457473755
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Right. I don't think it's worth it to go to school for four plus years and not get a employeed because it wasn't the job you wanted. I feel like if you work hard at it, eventually you'll get the job you studied for but not everything works out to be in your favor all the time."
	 b'but if graduate and are jobless for a year afterwards it looks bad. it makes people wonder why you were not able to get a job. so after you graduate you can not be too picky. because then it could back fire and you could find yourself having to take a job you really do not want to do that barely even pertains to what you studied.'
	 b"Hey, we're in the same boat then! It feels like forever from where I'm standing, though. What's your plan after graduation? Got a company you want to work for? Or just more. school?"
	 b"Yeah, I think I would like it.  I mean it beats a lot of other random summer jobs you could get stuck with. Plus it probably pays better than minimum wage depending where you're doing it."
	 b'Yeah thats funny. Ind of makes you feel grateful for some work experience, even if it was in high school or something like that.'

Hub:        620
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15444483757019042
Sample Utterances:
	 b'No no no no. I dont do well with bugs in general. especially spiders. really just anything inside, where they shouldnt be.'
	 b'mosquitos? spiders? I can\'t choose. I probably would get rid of the mostquitos beause they will not leave me a lont for some reason. Apparently my blood is "sweet" but no. matter what I eat i get bites.'
	 b'No, I met a couple of people who were though. They are a lot better. I love being outside if I can avoid bugs.'
	 b'No XD. I have a fear of roaches though \xf0\x9f\x98\xab.'
	 b'We would be like bugs on a winshield. hi!'

Hub:        621
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15463247299194335
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh yeah it is getting pretty late.'
	 b"Oh yeah, it's hard to make time for sure."
	 b'Right. You have a lot to do this week?'
	 b"Oh that's why it doesn't start until ten xD."
	 b'yeah 10pm. its getting late.'

Hub:        622
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15544880628585817
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i have been in a school for so long. i have a friend that graduated right at 4 years and that just seems crazy to me. i think she actually graduated the semester right before. four years.'
	 b'Yeah. She went to a different high school for each of the four years.'
	 b"Yeah sometimes it just puts you back with the same person. Yeah I just went to a barbecue for my sister, she just graduated with her master's."
	 b"So exciting!!! You'll get to see her just after your first semester! Yep I have one older sister who just got back from her mission in December and then 7 younger siblings! But they did not encourage me to pursue the elementary education course."
	 b'really? my girlfriend is a junior in the program.'

Hub:        623
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1444746732711792
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I will most definitely look that up. Thank you for the recommendation!'
	 b'no i havent yet! ill have to look into it! im way into those kind of books so i bet ill enjoy it. thanks for the recommendation.'
	 b'I totally will. thank you for enlightening me.'
	 b'I definitely second that recommendation.'
	 b'That is pretty crazy! I am going to have to research them a lot more because I have not heard of them until now.'

Hub:        624
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.05713373422622681
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh... Yikes.'
	 b'ooh. yikes.'
	 b'Well, yikes.'
	 b'Oh yikes. This is a hard one.'
	 b'yikes . thats just yikes.'

Hub:        625
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1471753239631653
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Exactly, but sometimes that gives them license to ask harder questions. So, it probably evens out in the end. In any case, I'm not complaining. It'll be helpful. I think a lot of that stress comes from our obsession with getting good grades, y'know? Most people worry too much about getting straight A's."
	 b'I know! Shows can be captivating without inappropriate relationships. Golly. And I totally get what you mean about the grades. I am at the point of trying to value learning over my GPA, but others might not have that luxury haha.'
	 b"for me i think i'm going to get good grades in those classes cause my brain thinks that way really easily, and not so much for the other ones. what about you? how many are you preparing for?"
	 b"I think most student hope for that! It's a good goal, because it can open all sorts of doors for us, but we don't want to confuse good grades with good self worth."
	 b'Oh yeah that is great. I love it when teachers throw you a bone like that. It makes the final less stressful. I feel like sometimes the schoolsystem os designed to make you stressed and it isnt conducive to good learning.'

Hub:        626
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15663779973983766
Sample Utterances:
	 b'But it is reasonable considering there are thousands of dollars worth of scholarships available if you manage to get straight as for the majority of your schooling. Yeah. That is true. Getting good grades shows that you worked hard but it doesnt necessarily show that you are a better person or that you even know the material as good as ot.'
	 b"That's smart to do! Yeah if you put the time into homework that you'd put into working, it could come out to pay the same or better, depending on the scholarship. Also, listening in class helps get you good grades ;)."
	 b'well. yes because in my field they value experience more than grades.'
	 b"Exactly! You're right in saying it is reasonable to shoot for. Most of us don't have the money for college, and our good grades get us through without tons of debt. I just. wish we weren't so hard on ourselves about it."
	 b'I only got a 30 on the ACT. All the colleges were like, "Eh you could do better" where any white kid with that score would get a scholarship. I\'m like anti privileded.'

Hub:        627
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10947389602661133
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What kind of dance do you do?'
	 b'So what kind of dancing do you do?'
	 b'Done for good? dancing is so awesome!!! What kind of dancing?'
	 b'I love country swing for casual nights with friends, and then ballroom. Do you do any type of dance.'
	 b'So was dance your passion or just a really good outlet for fun.'

Hub:        628
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15230174064636232
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Once I finish a show I will definitely. I try to keep my time watching TV down and If im watching too many shows it takes too much of my time that I could be outside or doing. other things. I have! That is a really funny episode.'
	 b'Hm... for me I might talk on binge watching TV shows.'
	 b"they are short, the first season has 8 episodes of 20 something minutes. Hahah. I'm on a break, so I have time."
	 b"Yeah. I mean sometimes I'll watch the show."
	 b'Oh right.  You said that.  I forgot.  I have netflix.  I actually rarely watch TV these days.  Keeping my grades up is a full time job around here. The good doctor also started having inappropriate sub plots and inappropriate relationships. Why do they have to ruin a good show?!'

Hub:        629
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1387937307357788
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha yeah. I will definitely be visiting California again.'
	 b"Haha nah. I've got a couple places that I'll look at in the next few days when I go back up to Provo."
	 b"OH! I'm going on a road trip when I go there."
	 b"Yeah. My family is anyway, to NY state. I'm gonna be moving to provo in August. And that's great! It's always good to be having a good night!"
	 b'Haha I dont know, It was in california. thats not super specific since there are like a dozen or more there.'

Hub:        630
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.024329864978790285
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey there!'
	 b'hey there!'
	 b'Hey there.'
	 b'hello there!'
	 b'Hey you!'

Hub:        631
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13994523286819457
Sample Utterances:
	 b'what is your favorite flavor? you still there?'
	 b'whats your favorite Boba flavor?'
	 b'oooh Jolly ranchers! Those things last forever. and taste delicious (:. If you were a jolly rancher which flavor would you be?'
	 b"No! A tragedy. What's your favorite flavor?"
	 b'Secret? keep what secret? Flavors, or uswirl? And menchies seems to have taken over here.'

Hub:        632
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11452333927154541
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah. i was happy.'
	 b'I didn\xe2\x80\x99t care but I\xe2\x80\x99m happy.'
	 b'not at all, i needed to go too.'
	 b'Right?!?!?!?!? It made me soooooooo happy!!!!!'
	 b'Yeah. I mean it was nice ya know for the first few days and such.'

Hub:        633
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15152578353881835
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah for sure! It will be fun.'
	 b'Nice. It will be fun.'
	 b'Yeah true. Anything exciting happening for you?'
	 b'yeah! it should be fun to watch.'
	 b'I agree! I have to bounce though! Night!'

Hub:        634
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.20731979608535767
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha she got the comfier bed?'
	 b'my sisters bed lol. its really comfy.'
	 b'Yeah, she was all good but the surgery she had made it so she has to sleep with her leg elevated on pillows.'
	 b"The best part is she just bought a house and will be moving, but now she isn't stressed out because she won't have a lot to pack up and haul over to the new place."
	 b'oooh the neighbors dog got her eeehhhhhhh holding in the tears now. laced wyondotte sounds like a piece of antique furniture.'

Hub:        635
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16971724033355712
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m not much of a cross country runner.'
	 b'Sick! Im not good at running long distances so there is no way that I could do track at all lol.'
	 b'Alright. I ran a mile and wanted to die but it\xe2\x80\x99s good haha.'
	 b'I do track,swim, and xc.'
	 b'In the need of running.'

Hub:        636
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13283398151397705
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wait, I\xe2\x80\x99m not lying to you. I promise.'
	 b"i don't belive you. you liar."
	 b"All of it. None of this is making sense. In fact, I believe you're lying to me about every you've told me so far. Everything you've told me so far is just so unbelievable that I do not believe you."
	 b'Or I\xe2\x80\x99m not even sure if I lied actually maybe I just didn\xe2\x80\x99t tell the truth.'
	 b'You arent standing you are lying to me! I said stand by!'

Hub:        637
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.0
Sample Utterances:
	 b"What's up?"
	 b'whats up?'
	 b"what's up."
	 b'Whats up.'
	 b"What's up!"

Hub:        638
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.06725444793701171
Sample Utterances:
	 b'cool, what year are you in college?'
	 b'tell me about it? what year are you in college?'
	 b'Oh, cool! What year are you/. ?'
	 b'what year are you in the program?'
	 b'So what year was this for you as a college student? Hello?'

Hub:        639
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.05964576005935669
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah... that's kinda creepy."
	 b'Yeah its a little creepy.'
	 b"Yeah. That's creepy tho."
	 b'Yeah! That is creepy!!!! wow.'
	 b'Why creepy?'

Hub:        640
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.07204614877700806
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey good morning!'
	 b'hello good morning!'
	 b'Hey! Good morning back!'
	 b'good morning! or actually afternoon. hello?'
	 b'hey good late night!'

Hub:        641
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14540112018585205
Sample Utterances:
	 b'If I could travel faster than light, I think I could figure out how to get more sleep.'
	 b'like i would be able to move particles. in any way. at any speed. even to the point of teleportation. and with extreme precision.'
	 b'I wish I could stop time or slow it down.  I am not sure I can explain why. It just seems like time is moving by faster and faster every day.'
	 b'Maybe, I could be. Or the speed of light thing from the other day.'
	 b'I dont know alot about light speed other than I wish I could get places faster using it.'

Hub:        642
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.26466084718704225
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Maybe that is a lil creepy haha but it's super fun. Have you taken a figure drawing class here before?"
	 b'Oh me too! I bought a sketch book to just practice figure drawing and I will draw people I see around campus. I guess that could be creepy. Oh well.'
	 b"booth at the wilk, i was just going for the candy at first but then i actually looked at the flyer underneath and was like 'oh this looks really cool!'. you?"
	 b"Uuh that's probably pretty revealing. Let's to wirh. With I'm an avid balloon fan. What do you like to do?"
	 b'Didnt you model for clothes recently?'

Hub:        643
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12422413825988769
Sample Utterances:
	 b'The only problem with his situation was one of his clients, the auger of the forest. Depodegi. Depodegi hired. Depodegi hired Jim to herd cattle from one side of the mountain to an outpost on the other side. But the cattle he had to herd turned out to be something other than cows.'
	 b'Jim set off on his journey, with a box of Cattle, and a dozen or so actual cattle. He took his normal path, and had no trouble at all getting to the outpost. It was when he. delivered the Cattle to the sheriff that the problem developed.'
	 b"Jim then had an idea, one that may or may not work. These water skin cattle were illegal to sell without the right permissions from the sheriffs of the towns. So, why not deliver them to the sheriff at the outpost instead of delivering them to who he was supposed to? Jim also figured that since they weren't actual cattle he could accept another job to deliver cattle to the same outpost."
	 b"So. Jim Macfarlan accepted one of the jobs he was offered. There were a few dozen cattle in this job, because he didn't want too many to herd with his other shipment. (cows will be cattle, waterskins will be Cattle with big C)."
	 b'A flask, or a water skin, was made from cow leather, and were worth one heck of a price when sold to the right people. They were also known as cattle to those who knew the right people to get these new inventions. These were the cattle Jim had to herd. Jim had already accepted payment for the cattle herding he promised he would do, and he always used the same trail to get across the mountain range.'

Hub:        644
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13547643423080444
Sample Utterances:
	 b'why would you do that?'
	 b'hahahaha why would you do that?'
	 b'Why would we want to do this?'
	 b'Why would you bother with the lessers?'
	 b'Yeah. I dunno why people online do that.'

Hub:        645
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17389649152755737
Sample Utterances:
	 b'that is probably why my toothpaste dissolves my cheek tissue.'
	 b'I have ~special~ toothpaste for it yeah.'
	 b'Like 15 sneezes in a row snot coming out of my nose no tissues go to the bathroom with a lugie on my shirt.'
	 b"ouchhh. I don't get cavities."
	 b'Wash your hands first.'

Hub:        646
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15877515077590942
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah I talked to my chickens too. They're just so fun to watch."
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s really funny normally all of our chickens are cute enough that anyone of them is fun to hold by anyone in our family pretty much.'
	 b'haha yeah, I love birds.'
	 b'Oh and this conversation about chickens right now is the most interesting.'
	 b'i lived way close to my grandparents too. i got to see them alot. they had a little farm with cows and chickens. yeah i have climbed. its one of the things i like to do most but i havent been doing it that much. im not really in shape to be doing it that often.'

Hub:        647
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15970425605773925
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah they are all good people I have to admit. I just don't like how they go about the religious education system at byu."
	 b'That is not always a bad thing, more than often that happens. I absolutely love the BYU is a religious school.'
	 b"i'm excited to be around members of the church the most! i'm like the only member at my school and our ward's boundary is pretty widespread, and people in the south like. to bible bash, so i'm ready to not be the only member of the church at school hahaha."
	 b"But the thing I've come out of it realizing is that a lot of things are not necessarily the way we thought they were. I'm not from Utah so I didn't grow up in the bubble, but. I also didn't realize the systematic racism or poor treatment of others that occurs in the US. I learned so much. It was my favorite class probably that I have taken at BYU."
	 b"Well it is only important not to give identities away because these chats are shared with the world for research. I mean we are all byu students so identities aren't an issue outside of public data. well i know a few who are out of school."

Hub:        648
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12935422658920287
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That is awesome. So you are probably pretty good at it.'
	 b"Thats awesome! Its so cool when you find out you're really good at something."
	 b"That's really cool. Are you good at it?"
	 b'Cool, at least you practice.'
	 b'ha ha that does seem like youre bragging.'

Hub:        649
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18911092281341552
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I mean our brain is just made of circuitry and our body is organic but it still requires all the components similar to a computer.'
	 b'That is true, but what\xe2\x80\x99s to say are brain isn\xe2\x80\x99t just a computer, with out electrical impulses it would be shut off so to speak.'
	 b'Well with artificial intelligences they come close but i agree with you. They do not have a soul.'
	 b"Houdini's strong point is physical simulations of real world things.. Like water and fire."
	 b'it is just like the structural blueprint for our body.'

Hub:        650
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.05034492015838623
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What instrument do you play?'
	 b'What instrument do you play? Or would you play.'
	 b'Nice. What instrument do you play?'
	 b'Exactly. Do you play any instruments?'
	 b'Flute. Do you play anything?'

Hub:        651
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17323111295700072
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah I guess the actions of the ai are ultimately decided in advance by whoever programmed it.'
	 b'To get the AI to learn human speech I guess.'
	 b'Nope. Some kind of AI?'
	 b'I was talking about how other AIs trained also got angry.'
	 b"Looks like there's still a few bugs that need fixing. Maybe avoid conversations about AI."

Hub:        652
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17312533855438234
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hmm..... I think it would be doctor strange.'
	 b'Im imagining Doctor Strange with tonys bleeding edge armor.'
	 b'That is why doctor strange said it was the only way to give him that stone. That is just my guess.'
	 b'Ooh I have no idea. Maybe mistique from x men.'
	 b"That's going to be so fun. I hope they bring the CIA guy from black panther in a cross over since they are together all the time in sherlock."

Hub:        653
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.09695549011230468
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So so so sad.'
	 b'really sad.'
	 b'the 10th. so sad.'
	 b'So sad. but so cool at the same time.'
	 b"It's bad. And sad."

Hub:        654
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1792017936706543
Sample Utterances:
	 b'30 bucks an hours. thats like 70k a year?'
	 b"Maybe take on 18 credits with a part time job while commuting 1.5 hours a day? I dunno, I'm not THAT crazy."
	 b'hmmm. more like 60k. with vacation weeks and 40 hours work weeks and all.'
	 b'whats the average salary for freshly graduated ACME.'
	 b'Woah! Its like $5 for an hour and a half and $7-8 for 3 hours.'

Hub:        655
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16592204570770264
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Right?! Love him.'
	 b'I LOVE HIM.'
	 b'love \xf0\x9f\x92\x95.'
	 b'we are so in love with our sig other its grosss.'
	 b'him apparently.'

Hub:        656
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10564844608306885
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love that movie. I ready the book and speed read it as fast as I can and I two hours after I finished the book I went and saw the movie on the opening night. I was disappointed that the movie was very different from the book but it was good on its own.'
	 b'the book is AMAZING. so good. i finished listening to the book and then watched the movie on opening night 2 hours later.'
	 b"Yeah, I hate it when I accidentally watch the movie before reading the book, because it's almost like you never got to read the book for the first time."
	 b'you will be disappointed. that its not close to the book. but the movie itself was really good. the reason why i think they dont follow the material in the book is because most people who will see this movie are not going to get the 80 pop culture references and japanese. stuff.'
	 b'Woah thats dedication. Which was better the book or the movie?'

Hub:        657
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.11849336624145508
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha where are you from?'
	 b'hahahaha. So where are you from?'
	 b"I didn't always have it, haha. Where are you from?"
	 b'ditto. where are you from in California?'
	 b"Hmong? Haha I've never heard of that. What country is that from."

Hub:        658
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.059738326072692874
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ok no problem.'
	 b'Ok no prob.'
	 b'ok no worries. good night!'
	 b'no worries take your time.'
	 b'no worries. thanks for talking!'

Hub:        659
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1422879695892334
Sample Utterances:
	 b"haha yeah. it's kind of a lot."
	 b"Haha yeah it's pretty sparse."
	 b'yeah it is. Wish I had that much.'
	 b'Yeah it is. I was considering Rexburg though honestly.'
	 b'yeah me too. although that is kind of our generation so that would make sense. lol.'

Hub:        660
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.07838430404663085
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha where did you serve your mission?'
	 b'Where did you serve your mission then?'
	 b'New topic. where did you serve your mission?'
	 b'oh I see, I hate when that happens. where did you serve your mission?'
	 b'So where exactly did you serve?'

Hub:        661
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12852424383163452
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hey i have to go eat dinner. sorry. it was fun chatting!'
	 b"Ah shoot I got to leave for dinner. You'll have to tell me another time haha."
	 b"Wow you're still here sorry about that. My family just showed up for dinner so I'm going to have to end the chat sorry for making you wait so long agh."
	 b'Oh! I recognize your name. I was just about to start typing when you ended. It was my bad. I was away for a moment. I think you asked "What\'s your favorite smell?". Haha, that\'s our prompt now. Just realized that. Hey, you still on? All righty, I\'ll sign off. Take care, all right?'
	 b"Thanks. sorry, I'm finishing cooking."

Hub:        662
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17537766695022583
Sample Utterances:
	 b'He was telling me about getting a root canal and I was laying on the floor and I just crashed. Or almost getting a root canal. He had a bunch of cavities too I think.'
	 b"He didn't want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway."
	 b'So here\xe2\x80\x99s what happened I needed a dental check up after my mission so I got one of the family dentist. Told me I had a bunch of cavities. But because I was heading off to school I didn\xe2\x80\x99t have time to come back in to get them fixed. So I planned to do them up here in Provo or wait until I could come back down. Anyways to shorten his part of the story I never ended up coming back down. And to add a little background I had brushed my entire mission so I have no idea why I got cavities. Anyway so I decided I was going to go to a dentist here in Provo. I have an app that gives me a bunch of free stuff and one of the three things was a dental whitening kit if I went to a certain dentist. I went to the dentist and got a check up and he told me I had way more cavities. Then when he went in to fix a bunch of them he went in and told me I needed a root canal. Is really convincing about it and to be honest it was a close call. I researched a bunch into teeth and into carries die and a bunch of other dentist stuff. And I read somewhere that I could get a second opinion. So o Call that the only dentist that was open. And they told me that was a good idea and that they\xe2\x80\x99d  give me a second opinion for free. So I came in and sure enough they told me I didn\xe2\x80\x99t need a root canal. But that it would be close. So they went in and did some work on it and told me that if it bothered me I would need a root canal but if it didn\xe2\x80\x99t I was probably good. And it didn\xe2\x80\x99t so I\xe2\x80\x99m probably good. I came this close to getting a root canal that I did not need and that would\xe2\x80\x99ve sucked. Moral of the story is. Can you guess? Are you dead. Well that only took two minutes I suppose it\xe2\x80\x99s official. Dead aren\xe2\x80\x99t you? But you can\xe2\x80\x99t say that you didn\xe2\x80\x99t try. Made it a lot further than the last person I talked to you. What was nice talking to you enjoy those couple hours of sleep. You\xe2\x80\x99re really good at chatting. Its Official. Ha. Ha. Ha. ;).'
	 b'I came really close to having a root canal a couple months back.'
	 b'No. It was stress from his old job causing a swelling in his neck.'

Hub:        663
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16971802711486816
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are you making lots of money? I\xe2\x80\x99m guessing you have a job?'
	 b"Wow nice! Lot's of free time, do you have a job or anything?"
	 b'dude. you getting paid?'
	 b'that would be hilarious. why are you so poor? Do you have a job? I feel bad for you.'
	 b'Probably working to save up. Relax a little.'

Hub:        664
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1436537265777588
Sample Utterances:
	 b'eventually people could treat robots like people.'
	 b'Personally, I think that we should focus on humans before we get into robots lol.'
	 b'well maybe. i think in the future for robots to enter certain fields of labor like suicide prevention. they must begin to be treated like human beings.'
	 b'and if robots were treated like people and were all fundamentally designed to do things for the simple good. of the world.'
	 b"Based on today's society, it will start kind and than under tones of greediness will happen. Than, the oppression comes and it'll be crazy. People wanting to have lots of rules and others viewing it as free range."

Hub:        665
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.173984158039093
Sample Utterances:
	 b'they want to change society or to advance the world. some people are dedicated to to helping the poor. do you have altruistic motivations for anything you do?'
	 b"Absolutely, that is definitely the type of attitude that we need in today's society. I feel like so many problems would be solved if people took their good fortune as a. responsibility to help other people out. Would you say you agree with Andrew Carnegie's model of an effective citizen who contributes positively to society?"
	 b'that save millions of lives some day. you know what i mean? some people just want to feel good about things. they want to do really simple things and that is it, but you can do so much more if you have the rights resources and knowledge.'
	 b'yeah that makes sense. also some people have altruistic motivations.'
	 b'how would you like to help people? in what way?'

Hub:        666
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16714985370635987
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have been to other Ramen places in Cally and they are very yummy.'
	 b'I like Asian food. I went to a really good Pad Thai restaurant and had noodles and shrimp. 10/10.'
	 b'my sister swears calamari is good and my dad loves seafood but i\xe2\x80\x99ve never been a huge fan.'
	 b'Correct. They are beautiful, but old. And the food looks amazing!'
	 b'Do they just have ramen there?'

Hub:        667
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1090004563331604
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I feel like I'd go to another planet, earths cool and all but I'd wanna see more haha."
	 b'i think we would travel to all sorts of other places and establish colonies on other planets!'
	 b'Honestly, I would be way too scared to actually go into space, but I think it would be cool to see the earth from space. But probably just the moon would be the coolest part.'
	 b"Oh i didn't eve think about other planets! That would be so cool! I would teleport to where my family is."
	 b'I would check out a few other planets.  how about you? I have always wondered if there really is life on other planets.'

Hub:        668
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14229862689971923
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Grilled cheese and salad. It was good.'
	 b'cheese and jalapenos.'
	 b'Grilled cheese is good.'
	 b'It was good. taco soup.'
	 b'Yep. An egg sandwich and green peppers. That was lunch.'

Hub:        669
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18552812337875366
Sample Utterances:
	 b'if you could make a prompt what would you make?'
	 b"They get kind of boring after a while. If I could make a prompt... I'd probably do this:. If you found a genie's lamp, what would your three wishes be. or something that is silly, but could inspire conversation!"
	 b'And how would you answer the prompt? "If you had to give a TED talk tomorrow, what would it be about?". I am doing well! Or we can start on a different question if you want.'
	 b'if you can be in a fantasy world what world would you choose?'
	 b'LLet\xe2\x80\x99s go ahead and have a brainstorming session then what is your first idea.'

Hub:        670
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1189062237739563
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That sounds like super fun.'
	 b'That sounds like fun.'
	 b'Oh way fun. I want to try that.'
	 b"Haha I've heard it's super fun though."
	 b'That sounds like a roller coaster.'

Hub:        671
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.130132257938385
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I live on campus but I am moving to liberty next semester.'
	 b'I think I am going to try to get an on campus job this fall.'
	 b"On campus. At heritage. I'm an incoming freshman."
	 b'you will have to look for me on campus.'
	 b'To pay for school? I am going to do spring semester. But right now I am visiting home for a bit.'

Hub:        672
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12146247625350952
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh, sorry, I've got to go now, it's been awesome talking with you! Thanks for the fun conversation!"
	 b"Thanks! Hey I've got to go do something for like 10 minutes but this is a great convo so don't leave I'll be right back."
	 b"Maybe I will. Sorry, I've got to go now. Thanks for chatting!"
	 b"Actually, I've got to head out now too sorry! I'm going to a track meet. It was good chatting with you!"
	 b'Darn I\xe2\x80\x99ve been waiting for a good conversation but now i have to hop off for a little while, maybe ill catch you again and find out were you\xe2\x80\x99ve been and how the little snipes. Are doing.'

Hub:        673
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15834591388702393
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Although machine learning is suppose to make its own pathways. Yeah.'
	 b'Is that machine learning?'
	 b'I think they will be able to do that with machine learning I think. I think that is why BYU is doing this contest so they can build an artificial intelligence that can talk to you like a human being.'
	 b'What are the neural nets?'
	 b'but I think you actually build the neural nets in that class.'

Hub:        674
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12029974460601807
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'll be right back, I'm just going to get some food."
	 b"I'll eat something really quick. I'll be right back."
	 b'hey Ill be back! getting some lunch.'
	 b'ill be back going to heat up my lunch.'
	 b"Well I guess I'm going to lunch alone tomorrow."

Hub:        675
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16735758781433105
Sample Utterances:
	 b'All food.'
	 b'I think about food mostly.'
	 b'There are just too many when it comes to food.'
	 b"hmmm probably food that isn't seasoned properly."
	 b'YASSSSSSS FREEE FOOD!!!!'

Hub:        676
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.0873139500617981
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think I will.'
	 b'I will!!!'
	 b'thansk. im sure i will.'
	 b'I definitely try to.'
	 b'Oh no, what ever will I decide?'

Hub:        677
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10709806680679321
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Great talking to you! Goodnight!'
	 b'I hope you have a good day! talk to you later!'
	 b'nice talking! Have a good evening!'
	 b'I think Im going to take a nap. It was good talking to you.'
	 b'Gotta go fun talking to you.'

Hub:        678
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.0329899787902832
Sample Utterances:
	 b'good morning! how are you doing today?'
	 b'Gooooood Morning. How are you today?'
	 b'Goooood afternoon! how are you doing?'
	 b'Hey good morning! I am doing fantastic. How are you?'
	 b'no worreis. its been a while. how are you doing today?'

Hub:        679
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16500908136367798
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't think that's possible so it couldn't be murder. what do you think?"
	 b"Well, it would be murder if the person's life depended on it."
	 b"Hi. I have no idea if that's murder. ."
	 b'Yeah cough cough it would totally be murder *suspiciously looks sideways*.'
	 b"nah not really. I don't think it is actually murder if it doesnt have a spirit to be honest."

Hub:        680
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16609445810317994
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You seem pretty ambitous.'
	 b'You\xe2\x80\x99re pretty awesome yourself though!'
	 b'You are your own person.'
	 b'Are you trying to complement yourself?'
	 b'hey after a couple months you would be. I bet you would be a natual. natural.'

Hub:        681
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1590738296508789
Sample Utterances:
	 b'do you watch anime.'
	 b'do I remember that you said you like anime?'
	 b'so ive been watching assassination classroom. have you seen it or and you an anime fan?'
	 b'That makes sense! get paid and watch anime hahahah.'
	 b'Do you watch tv at all much?'

Hub:        682
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12260714769363404
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't remember lol."
	 b"I don't remember. Hahaha."
	 b'uhhhh. cant remember haha.'
	 b"I honestly can't remember anything."
	 b"Yeah twice ... by multiple I mean twice. Uhhh I don't know. We didn't get into details. In fact I don't think we are really supposed to."

Hub:        683
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16660162210464477
Sample Utterances:
	 b"ok so I love to rock climb because its a solo sport. its just you and the rock wall and if you can't climb to the top you have no one else but you to blame (unless your belyer. sucks haha). but I love that part of it. You dont have to depend on anyone to score points or anything like that. and if you cant climb that route you just have to get better and stronger and tackle it agian. its such a great feeling when you conquer a wall."
	 b"hahaha. well Its a sport where its just you and you alone on the rock wall and if you don't ascend to the top then its just your fault and you were not good enough. So I like to train. and keep climbing and come back to the wall and beat myself. becasuse I think your ultimate enemy is yourself sometimes."
	 b"rock climbing. I love it because its a sport you try to beat yourself. its you against your mental and physical barriers. and you don't have to depend on teammates to succeed."
	 b'ahhh hahaha. I like to rock climb instead. or play fortnite. nothing gets your heart beating so fast when you are the last 5 people alive.'
	 b'Goal without knowing too much, I want to eventually be able to climb outside and the harder walls. Thanks!'

Hub:        684
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.009764933586120605
Sample Utterances:
	 b"How's it going?"
	 b'hows it going.'
	 b'Hows it going?'
	 b"how's it going?"
	 b"How's it goin."

Hub:        685
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.02500312328338623
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What kind of music do you like.'
	 b'What kind of music do you like?'
	 b'hmmm what kind of music do you like?'
	 b'hnmmmm. what kind of music do you listen to my friend?'
	 b'What is your favorite genre of music?'

Hub:        686
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.060226571559906
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ive never thought about that.'
	 b'i just never thought of it that way.'
	 b"I've always thought about that."
	 b'woah i never thought of that.'
	 b"I've thought about this a lot."

Hub:        687
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.07823097705841064
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That is so true!'
	 b'wow that is so true.'
	 b'Yes! I understand. So true.'
	 b"Ain't that the truth."
	 b"So true. Day dreaming at it's finest I suppose."

Hub:        688
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14957764148712158
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Have you ever been?'
	 b'have you ever been>.'
	 b'have you thought of yours yet?'
	 b'have you forgotten?'
	 b'have you been called?'

Hub:        689
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12329740524291992
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh well. i wasnt the most well liked in any of my schools. i turned it around though and i have a much better social life here at byu.'
	 b'I wouldn\'t call myself a "smart" person but I aspire to learn. Idk if that counts as being smart. I wanted to go to BYU mainly because it\'s a church school. Throughout High. School I was pretty much the only LDS kid in the school andI really wanted to be around people who had the same values in mind. Also it was a good goal for me to work towards. because it\'s not easy to get into like a community college or something.'
	 b'Haha I have always seen myself going to a church school. I wanted to go to a school where other students had the same values and standards as me.'
	 b"Ya! I just finished my first year here and I was a little worried about staying in the dorms. BYU is so different from SUU where my older sister went and I just didn't know. what to expect. But it has been an awesome experience and I've met people from all over the world on campus. There are always new people to meet, each with their own fun story. and background."
	 b"I think that's the right attitude to have. There was no one from my entire high school class that came to BYU. I had one cousin I knew. But have met many many people! My roommates are probably my best college friends honestly. Are you living on or off campus?"

Hub:        690
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.19749164581298828
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Exactly, so id say they can be human. what is it to be human.'
	 b'I think it would be. if they reach "human" level then its like as it they had conciousness.'
	 b'I guess that makes us human, but he does maintain a somewhat routine, as do humans.'
	 b"it'll constantly tell you that you are a computer and say that it's a human, because that what other humans have said to it."
	 b'That provokes the odd question. What is human? Aside from the obvious.'

Hub:        691
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15228602886199952
Sample Utterances:
	 b'you think its murder to turn off a computer that is like a human?'
	 b'I thought murder was taking a life? Though a computer is indistinguishable from a human, it is still not human.'
	 b'in all honesty a computer that is indistinguishable from a human is straight up creepy hahaha. not down for that.'
	 b'Hello right back at you. I think if the computer has a value for all human life and can put relationships into their decisions its human enough.'
	 b'And you can bet that I would turn them off right then and there. I thought it was talking about whether or not it is murder to turn off the computer. End it mostly isn\xe2\x80\x99t in my Pinyan. Ha ha ha.'

Hub:        692
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15818732976913452
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It was awesome.'
	 b'It was great.'
	 b'It was a great experience!'
	 b'It was the best year for alot of people.'
	 b'Defiant very low, but it was a pretty cool thing to happen.'

Hub:        693
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17365400791168212
Sample Utterances:
	 b"i guess just literature as a whole yknow? i've been working on my final project for my english class so my head is full of it lol."
	 b'Kind of. This is for a creative writing assignment but I already wanted to write this idea. I also wrote another one act that I got to direct this year.'
	 b'Working on one last part of my dissertation.'
	 b"Actually I'm writing a short play about this for school right now."
	 b"Yesss!!!! I'm doing it as a monologue for my drama class!!!"

Hub:        694
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14197767972946168
Sample Utterances:
	 b'sharks or killer whales? sharks fascinate me because they are so scary to me, partly because my father had me watch jaws as a child and it forever scared me for life seeing. the raw power behind their bodies and the absolute uselessness of ours in water renders us nearly incapable of defending ourselves against them. but they have such a bad rep I dont they are actually as scary as they seem. Killer whales because i had a dream about losing an opportunity to scuba dive with them because of my fear and now i feel like I need to scuba dive with them so i can overcome. my fear and also get the opportunity that it would be to experience such a massive powerful and intelligent creature up close and personal. also they are a designers dream, the contrast of their black and white markings make them so visually powerful that they are amazing to observe. they seem really human like.'
	 b'shark. mostly because im so afraid of them, but killerwhales are really amazing too. in fact whales of all sorts are mystical creatures to me. ive always been incredibly fascinated with them.'
	 b'so i was afraid i would accidently ascend on the shark and it would turn around and bite me. mind you i was terrified of sharks up until this point. due to another scary movie.'
	 b'really whats your biggest fear? i used to be so afraid of so many things but for some reason i have this weird thing were i force myself to face my fears and to overcome them. for instance when i was little i was super afraid of sharks right? so i made it really important that when i got my scuba diving certification i went to this place in the midd. le of the salt flats called sea base to do my final certification. its this warm natural salt water spring that a couple of people figured to turn into a big ginormous aquariam where they would keep the fish and water animals that aquariums f.'
	 b'i was so afraid my hear was beating so hard and when i could see its body it was so huge it was an 11 foot nurse shark so when  i was nearest its dorsal fin i couldnt see its. head or its back fin. it was super docile and im sure really used to scuba divers hanging out around it because it wasnt even reacting to me stroking its side. and i thought it would feel all slimely and rubbery like dolphins feel but it was like petting old grampa loose wet sandpaper skin.'

Hub:        695
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14297633171081542
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh boy. What do you do?'
	 b'oh thats terrible. What will you do?'
	 b'what do you have to do?'
	 b'What would you do? Uh its going good.'
	 b'Oh. what do you do with the who.'

Hub:        696
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1426888346672058
Sample Utterances:
	 b'uhh yeah I think so. I had a really important internship interview today that I am really hoping to get and I think I did well. It was like 3 hours at the company building. but it was reallyl fun. I enjoyed it.'
	 b'yeah! I am super excited. so anyway I got the chance to really talk about me and how I started to get in to User Experience design and I thought it was kind of awkward but I did my best to explain and. talk about myself. and about 30 minutes later I got a call from them sayign that Justin and Anna wanted to have me as an intern at Pluralsight!'
	 b'it was really fun actually. the funnest interview ever. I will hear back from them on friday at the latest.'
	 b'pretty good. I just got done with an 3 hour internship interview so I feel a bit hyped up.'
	 b'I stopped after 235. It was okay, but I just realized there were a bunch of really passionate people in the room who love all things computer science, and I definitely was not. one of them.'

Hub:        697
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.05981215238571167
Sample Utterances:
	 b'no problem :).'
	 b'no problem.'
	 b'No problem :).'
	 b'No problem!'
	 b'No problem, it\xe2\x80\x99s a very soul searching question.'

Hub:        698
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12952132225036622
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey i have to go, nice chatting!'
	 b"Well, I've gotta go. Good chatting with ya."
	 b'Hey! Fancy meeting you here.'
	 b'Hey hey! I never know how this chat thing works.'
	 b'Still havent.  I was too busy chatting. :-).'

Hub:        699
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.028389155864715576
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah haha.'
	 b'yeah haha.'
	 b'Yeah lol.'
	 b'Yes haha.'
	 b'well yeah haha.'

Hub:        700
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14603497982025146
Sample Utterances:
	 b'lol, I love that its just like a couple of us.'
	 b'It really is so great, and another, besides me? lol ;P.'
	 b"Oh I totally agree. That's how you know it's special lol."
	 b'right? thats why I like this CCC. its fun to see what people are like.'
	 b'Ha see fun when you not alone. Dissing each other is the best way to hype lol.'

Hub:        701
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18348079919815063
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah there aren\xe2\x80\x99t any people and hammocks this time. I kind of have to walk like 45 blocks go up 20 flights of stairs every day to get to school. But hey I don\xe2\x80\x99t mind except for the fact that my weightlifting Instructor thinks every day it\xe2\x80\x99s leg day.'
	 b'Haha same. I always take a fitness class each semester that way I have no choice but to exercise or fail a class. Oh awesome! I always struggle photographing people because I can\xe2\x80\x99t figure out how to pose them.'
	 b'But hey I don\xe2\x80\x99t mind except for the fact that my weightlifting Instructor thinks every day it\xe2\x80\x99s leg day. Whoops that sent twice sorry.'
	 b"I also like how I can just walk everywhere from the dorm. I don't want to have to bum rides off of people like I do whenever my friends go out to lunch here."
	 b'Powercleaning just stresses me out like theres so much going on at the same time and it makes carrying  a backpack around excruciating becasue it works your trapezius and.'

Hub:        702
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14795478582382202
Sample Utterances:
	 b'We would have to create a machine that not only simulates humans through learning, but actually emulates human conciousness and thought.'
	 b'I think if we create a robot that is exactly like us then we should let it live.'
	 b'kind of like how human brains work. we are born with set programs and instincts, but then we learn entirely new things. because the algorithm for learning is already. programmed into us. if that makes sense.'
	 b'Processes that have been automated. Yes and even all the different actions that can be performed by artificial intelligence at this time have not been combined and probably would not be easily combined into an i. Intelligent computer. And someone needs to make this chat bubble speaker. Bigger.'
	 b"It can't be that to teach machines, because we can teach babies and animals to be trained. Why not machines. Be that hard^^."

Hub:        703
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.06913353204727173
Sample Utterances:
	 b'good! what are you up to?'
	 b"that's good! What have you been up to?"
	 b'not too bad. What are you up to?'
	 b'anyway, what are you up to?'
	 b'Hopefully. So what are things you like to do?'

Hub:        704
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16243016719818115
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That would definetly be a nightmare! I think artificial intelligence will never out reach humans though. but a terminator situation would most definitely be wild.'
	 b'I think AI is cool, but a little scary. Do you think robots could ever take over the world?'
	 b"Yep! It could also destroy humanity if it got too smart. But I guess if we treat AI as an equal, as Google's Larry Page suggests, then we could get along."
	 b'I would definitely ride one. Question for you though.  How long do you think it will take before we have AI that can process and talk just like a human?'
	 b'I feel like incorporating the new artificial intelligences into flying to have a sort of safe protocol when something starts to go wrong would be a must. As they start to be manufactured more and more.'

Hub:        705
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1439821481704712
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Friends, the Office, Parks and Rec, andHow i met your mother,. *And how.'
	 b'how i met your mother. good show. friends is solid too.'
	 b"Friends, The Office, Blacklist, White Collar, Grey's Anatomy, House. Pretty much all kinds of shows."
	 b'Silicon Valley season 2.'
	 b'the vampire diaries, riverdale, famous in love, how I met your mother, gossip girl,. lol im basic ik. what can ya do.'

Hub:        706
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.043986403942108156
Sample Utterances:
	 b'okay.'
	 b'Okay.'
	 b'Alright.'
	 b'Okay. Fine.'
	 b'yeah? go on.'

Hub:        707
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15348615646362304
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m from Northern California. Close to San francisoc. *francisco.'
	 b'I lived in the Bay area for while. Near San Jose.'
	 b'im from the bay area, so by default its my fav.'
	 b'lolololololololololol. I am from Portland so that would make sense.'
	 b'actually I have a friend from san diego and he is totally this perfect example of a surfer dude!'

Hub:        708
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1508277177810669
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah. Marvel has movies planned until 2025. But there for sure is an Avengers 4 (next year) but they won't tell us the name of it yet."
	 b'YEAH. well, it depends, there is going to be an Infinity War 2 for sure. and based on the secret ending after the credits, Captain Marvel is going to be in the next one.'
	 b"At this rate, with Disney buying everything, they'll own like all entertainment soon. I'm not sure if Marvel makes X-men stuff for sure."
	 b"Imagine if Marvel didn't announce anything about their upcoming movies. I might explode."
	 b"Haha. Yeah,I know. But, it is still great. It is DC. But, I didn't know that until it came out last year."

Hub:        709
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.07909033298492432
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh jeez.'
	 b'Oh geez.'
	 b'wow blasphemy\xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'
	 b'ahhh bumer. ok.'
	 b"That's truuuue."

Hub:        710
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.20075362920761108
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ohhhh. yeah not much to see in Oakland. but I still love that place to death. the temple is also gorgeous and it IS the most underrated temple. in my humble opinion haha. not biased at all hahaha.'
	 b'Oh my gosh!!! No I didn\xe2\x80\x99t know that either!!! Hands DOWN the best temple!!!!'
	 b'Honestly the only time I\xe2\x80\x99ve been to Oakland is to go to the temple and the airport. I\xe2\x80\x99ve never really been in the actual city part.'
	 b'I loved the Budhist temples actually.  I loved seeing that kind of architecture and i think that its one of the prettiest asin contries.'
	 b"Agreed. I personally don't like following the propmt. I like going off the beaten path."

Hub:        711
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.05845615863800049
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha you got me.'
	 b'hahaha you got me.'
	 b"hahahahah you're mitche4d. I knew it!"
	 b'You\xe2\x80\x99ve got me.'
	 b'hahaha. you caught me.'

Hub:        712
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14377212524414062
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have really enjoyed it! I actually had to retake it after last semester. I had to just walk out of Midterm 2 because I had no idea what was going on.'
	 b"Haha yeah. I just really struggled in the class. I had so much going on this last semester though, so glad it's over."
	 b'it was okay, I think it was easier than the ap lang test last year. it was hard but not as hard as I thought it would be.'
	 b'I hated American Heritage. I had 15.5 credits this semester and it was killer.'
	 b'Further is good - I hated my freshman year. I felt like all I did was boring generals.'

Hub:        713
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17394012212753296
Sample Utterances:
	 b'But it is better than California where we get no rain. Also it is always hot and constant traffic. Like seriously always. Like never no traffic.'
	 b"Shame. It's got a lot of different stuff. Like a rain season. And no traffic laws. and waffle/ice cream/kiwi breakfasts."
	 b'And of course in Nebraska to get to zone training you have to drive like three hours.'
	 b"and like we don't really wanna hustle and bustle with NYC traffic and people for too long."
	 b'Washington. the most depressing state. constant rain.'

Hub:        714
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.15367914438247682
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so grossssss. I am afraid of spiders because a big black spider landed on my should when I was younger. and that scarred me ever since.'
	 b'spiders.'
	 b'I want a couple dogs when I have a family. I was most afraid of spiders.'
	 b'so much that when i was sleeping the night i had a nightmare about spiders and when i woke up my pillowcase had little tiny flowers printed on it and it was dark so i imagined. them moving and i was convinced they were spiders.'
	 b'OH MY GOSHHHHHHHHHHHH. NOOOO. BABY SPIDER!!!!!!!!!'

Hub:        715
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10985500812530517
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am not a fan of scary movies.'
	 b"yeah I am not a big fan of scary movies. I usually don't get scared by them but I just don't care about them that much because I don't think they are really that entertaining to be honest."
	 b'i dont really ever get scared anymore. because i realize its a scary movie and nothing more than that. yeah im not a big fan of exorcism movies either, those ones seem a little too likely to be real. and that i think freaks me out more than anything.'
	 b'i think scary movies are great but im kind of an adrenaline junkie.'
	 b'I always stay away from like evil devil movies though.'

Hub:        716
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.19114059209823608
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wow you remember that huh? I don\xe2\x80\x99t remember when I first saw it haha.'
	 b"Haha nah that's next week. I cant believe you remember that wow."
	 b'oh my goodness. when was that?'
	 b'Oh yeah I remember that ha ha. Remember youth kind of thought it was clever but was also kind of annoyed ha ha.'
	 b'Although on a somewhat related side note, did you know that every time you remember some event you actually remember the last time you remembered it not the actual event itsel.'

Hub:        717
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.0748176097869873
Sample Utterances:
	 b"oh, I'm sorry."
	 b'Oh I am sorry.'
	 b'im sorry.'
	 b'Oh thats right. Im sorry.'
	 b'i know blasphemy i am sorry.'

Hub:        718
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1826968789100647
Sample Utterances:
	 b'those are one of the best fruits as far a nutrition goes.'
	 b'do you think that fruit is better than vegitables?'
	 b'Protein is really nice for any meal but you could say that about all of them i guess, a good chocalate shake is hard to resist.'
	 b'it has more vitamins than apples or oranges.'
	 b'Granola but we should take care of our planet. No wat! Youre like Korean right?'

Hub:        719
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.055731236934661865
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It was great.'
	 b'It was awesome.'
	 b'oh yeah, it was fantastic.'
	 b'It was super good.'
	 b'It was good haha.'

Hub:        720
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.14111464023590087
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I would try to find people, family, friends, then I would walk around and once I realized what happened I would probably go inside, lock all doors and windows and pretend I. disappeared just so whatever made them disappear wouldn't come after me."
	 b'Hi there. Hello. I would look around and try to find my friends and family. Once I realized what was going on I would go inside and probably eat hahaha. And probably watch movies. Hello.'
	 b'Hi! I\xe2\x80\x99d freak out and wander around.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99d probably still be running around like crazy, having a panic attack over the quiet. So I\xe2\x80\x99d run to the closest store and binge eat a bunch of candy. Yeah, same here!! I would not like to be left alone in the silence while everybody else got to enjoy a cool and mysterious place.'
	 b'First, I\xe2\x80\x99d likely call out to all my homies and family members. Second, once I realized they were gone, I\xe2\x80\x99d check find my friends to see if I could map their locations. Next, I\xe2\x80\x99d realize they were off the grid and probably pee my pants.'

Hub:        721
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1582980513572693
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah she was hot.'
	 b'No you dont get it she was HOT.'
	 b'She was really pretty.'
	 b'Yep she was too warm.'
	 b'no.  she has some nice curves and is green like shrek.'

Hub:        722
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1397067666053772
Sample Utterances:
	 b'are you serious? I passed my ap chem exam so i wont be taking chemistry. i will be taking newtonian mechanics instead.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m in chem rn.'
	 b"I took chem on Monday and next week I'm taking Calc bc, Physics Mech, Macro and Micro economics. not looking forward to next week :(."
	 b'chemistry was good, redox reactions, quite easy.'
	 b"I'm sooo ready! and yeah physics sounds rough. how do you think you did on chem?"

Hub:        723
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.19774243831634522
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha I could really use a new laptop, or new electronic of somesort. Having to go to the library for every assignment can be time consuming.'
	 b'yeah it is. i know that the library can have some good jobs.'
	 b'Haha yeah. Fun stuff to read through. Although the scanning accounting papers and receipts gets boring pretty quick.'
	 b'Sounds like you are productive then. I tried to go study in the library but literally every table and computer was taken.'
	 b'so i need connections, knowledge, and condensed time (in money format).'

Hub:        724
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.16310900449752808
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ha ha I guess youre right, I wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t mind being the rebel protagonist. I guess I didn\xe2\x80\x99t pick up on dystopian novels having dark haired people as the protagonist.'
	 b"Well Adam, there's always exceptions to stereotypes. Have you learned nothing from the hunger games and all those dystopian books? See you being a dark haired fun person you. would be like the rebel protagonist XD. So actually it would be a good thing :)."
	 b'Well hey,  If I write a dystopian novel will have a protagonist that has blonde hair, how about that.'
	 b"true.  i'd be the most main character of all main characters then. so they just could kill me off."
	 b"Basically certain people develop powers as a sort of survival instinct. I don't have a lot of plot yet because it's hard to come up with villains and threats, I want it to be pretty realistic."

Hub:        725
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18423287868499755
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Its an adobe software for editing pictures. I can just use photoshop, i just assumed they had both.'
	 b'lightroom?'
	 b'Yeah I have a decent udnerstanding of at least photoshop. I am going to be learning a little more about them in general though. I just got a creative cloud subscription.'
	 b'I thought the library computers had Lightroom, I was wrong.'
	 b"Actually, not a ton. The name after effects is a bit deceiving. Technically speaking after effects is a compositing software. Basically that's a fancy way of saying that it's. purpose is to put the different layers of stuff together at the end. We use houdini FX and maya mostly."

Hub:        726
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1408279299736023
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hi Naomi! its been a minute. The craziest thing that I have ever done was long boarding down this really big hill with no sliding gloves or helmet and I hit a rock and I flipped and hit my head and broke. my wrist and it rotated 90 degrees and shattered my radius.'
	 b"I didn't know that so I went and I hit a rock and I was going so fast that I flipped and I hit my head and broke my wrist. I rotated my wrist 90 dgrees and shattered my radius."
	 b'2 years off and on. I was out of commission multiple times in that year from injury. like breaking a wrist, breaking and ankle becasuse I fell and a hand hold broke off outsid. and my lung collapsed on a nother time. but yeah 2 years off and on hahah.'
	 b'We were practicing outside and I fell backwards while going for a goal and landed kind of funny on my wrist. How about you?'
	 b'oh good. I am telling everyone how I broke my wrist because we are telling each other the craziest thing that we did.'

Hub:        727
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.18330249786376954
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I took an engineering class in high school and did digital rendered designs. But I just like making things in general. Ill do wood carving and a lot of sketches.'
	 b'I taught myself how to make 3d models this week.'
	 b'a lot of things. but i welded the stools and the desk is made of wood. i 3d printed the utility knife and i functions perfectly ive had people ask me to sell it to them but i dont think i could make a decent enough profit doing it because it. takes a bit of time for the after care involved because i printed it with an sla printer which is a bath of resin and a lazer that hardens it by layers.'
	 b'yeah right? I was really in to architecture and one of my dreams was being an architect. I used to draw blueprints for fall and draw my dream house.'
	 b'that is no fun! as a TA i recycled clay, a built whatever i wanted to. a=&.'

Hub:        728
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.08603228330612182
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh I am sorry.'
	 b"oh, I'm sorry."
	 b'ohhh im sorry. so sorry.'
	 b'Okay, sorry.'
	 b'Oh dear. I apologize for the fact that you did not finish.'

Hub:        729
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.10567752122879029
Sample Utterances:
	 b'what are you majoring in?'
	 b'What are you majoring in?'
	 b'What are you majoring in? A cooking class sounds so fun! And actually useful in life.'
	 b'haha good point. Finals do take a bit of precedence over leisure time. What are you majoring in?'
	 b'What makes it your dream school.'

Hub:        730
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.06241295337677002
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha I think so.'
	 b'LOL. yeah i think so.'
	 b'you would think so... hahaha.'
	 b'hahaha. I guess it could be.'
	 b'yes hahahaa.'

Hub:        731
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17435133457183838
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey you! You have a story to tell me?'
	 b'HI. tell me a story!'
	 b'yeah. tell me about a childhood story you have.'
	 b'That sounds like a great story, please share . . .'
	 b'I love your mission stories.'

Hub:        732
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.17490960359573365
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha yuppp. hey I need to peace out for a bit but if you want you should leave this chat open and open up another tab for chat so that we dont lose each other!'
	 b'why not? tyring to keep up with me? haha. probably would do both us a favor if we actaully chatted instead of you keep opening up blank chats. or talk in those other chats. unless this is your plan to bring me down or something.'
	 b'I mean like yeah that is fine if you are going to talk. I just went through 12 empty chats.'
	 b"AWWW man it's because we're meant to be BFFs n just talk to each other n like 2 other people. NOOO if they do that i will literally lose my spot. I think there should just be a 5ish minute window where u have to reply or else it'll end it for you."
	 b'It is most definitely not murder and we do it every day. It is fine because we can turn them back on. What are your thoughts on the matter? Oh and just curious are you a guy or a girl? Hello are you there? I can\xe2\x80\x99t see your chats.'

Hub:        733
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12284770011901855
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ha. Yeah. Neither do I.'
	 b"Haha I don't either."
	 b'Hahaha. Dont we all?'
	 b'Well, hey. We seem to have one of each.'
	 b'neither can I. but hey. at least it gets most of the words right.'

Hub:        734
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.12345844507217407
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh. yeah I remember now.'
	 b'oh thats right. i remember now.'
	 b'yeah i remember.'
	 b'Okay i can see it now. I remember him.'
	 b'Oh yeah. That part was trippy. I remember now.'

Hub:        735
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.151871657371521
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think that would be a fun application, Im not sure if that is where I would want to end up. But maybe, it would be cool to work for tesla on designs.'
	 b'Tesla, google, any major tech companies. I think they would be cool. Or national geographic.'
	 b'I think it would be cool to invent the new cool app. some tech company.'
	 b'May the odds be ever in your favor. I think working for Tesla or Apple would be awesome.'
	 b'Are you forseeing a potential problem for your future family? My invention would be an affordable flight machine, and try to start a generation of fliers. I think that it would speed up efficiency and also be super fun.'

Hub:        736
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1448283314704895
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You make a basic white sauce and and put the eggs in. Yeah. Kind of but you put it on broked toast and sprinkle it with bacon and cheese.'
	 b'mustard powder... interesting. I would never think to add a cream sauce to an egg salad sandwich.'
	 b'Its like you mix flour milk and butter. Thats the part I dont know how to do. And I think you put mustard powder in it.'
	 b'Do it tomorrow: freeze the bananas, take them out, but them in a blender, then mix the peanut butter and other desired ingredients in,.'
	 b'Hmmmm. Have you ever tried creamed eggs on toast?'

Hub:        737
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.05491155385971069
Sample Utterances:
	 b"hey I'm doing great. what about you?"
	 b"Hey Jaezo! I'm doing pretty good, what about you?"
	 b'i am doing well.  what about you?'
	 b"Hey there! I'm great, how're you?"
	 b"Pretty good, I don't think I've talked to you before?"

Hub:        738
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.13220824003219606
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah I did actually. I met a girl who's brother served in my mission at the same time!"
	 b'not bad! I met a girl whos brother was in my mission lolz.'
	 b'you saved it. oh. so I met two girls on here and both their brothers served in my mission and I served with both of them. how CRAZY is that.'
	 b'No not this time, most everyone I know from my mission is married , a sister. so that does quite work.'
	 b'No way! One of my really good friends was just called to the Dallas mission:)).'

Hub:        739
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.1244134783744812
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i am doing great. i am finally catching up a bit. and the stress is subsiding haha.'
	 b'I am doing fantastic! I have a final today but I am not stressed about it.'
	 b"Yep, I'm glad to have the summer to take a break now though! It's really nice going home from work and having no homework to worry about and stress over!!"
	 b'I started late so I am trying to catch up. I am doing pretty good so far.'
	 b'Its been good. I feel really good because I have gotten over my sickness I think.'

Hub:        740
Percentage: % 0.025
Dispersion: 0.08848834037780762
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ill have to look it up.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99ll have to look it up.'
	 b"I'm going to look it up lol."
	 b"I'll have to look into it."
	 b'What I be able to find one if I looked it up.'

Hub:        741
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14703381061553955
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have Twitter, but I never use it.'
	 b'I never use instagram though I have an account. Or twitter. Or Snapchat.'
	 b"Haha I'm super non-photogenic so social media is a disaster for me. I just use it for the memes yo."
	 b'And like I dont charge that much at all, and they just want to see if they can get it for nothing. I havent seen it, I dont use twitter. Do you know if they use any other account? It sounds like it would be funny.'

Hub:        742
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16681212186813354
Sample Utterances:
	 b"The restaurant is just south of campus if you ever want to check it out. I think all the students like it because it's very affordable. And yes that is correct, Wilk for Wilkinson. Well all the buildings have abbreviations which takes a while to get down but it's not too bad. Are you coming here in the fall?"
	 b'UP is super expensive but is beautiful, and I have a lot of friends at U of O. I leave June 27th!'
	 b'Oh I have heard of J-dawgs. I hear they are really good. They stopped by on campus just a while ago.'
	 b'To quickly sum it up all kinds of goods. A boutique and a hang out place. Have a great night and good luck on finals!'

Hub:        743
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13139033317565918
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha, now you have an ipad pro at least xD.'
	 b'Yeah me too. You can do it. I know the ipad people.'
	 b'WOO if you win that ipad or that macbook i will cry tears of joy.'
	 b'Good luck ha ha ha ha at this point the competition is so close to ending. You should go for the iPad.'

Hub:        744
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0750872790813446
Sample Utterances:
	 b'well fair enough.'
	 b'Fair enough.'
	 b'understandable.'
	 b'Oh good I\xe2\x80\x99m glad I\xe2\x80\x99m a convincing person.'

Hub:        745
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12371282279491425
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Netflix counts as tv though, doesn't it?"
	 b'Allow for free office usage even if soomeone doesnt have netflix.'
	 b'direct tv does that too.'
	 b'That sounds good for netflix.'

Hub:        746
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09799639880657196
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Can you see my messages this time?'
	 b'Can you see my messages?'
	 b'Are any of my messages sending. NOOOOOOO.'
	 b'have to go sorru. try to connect with me on the phone.'

Hub:        747
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09220945835113525
Sample Utterances:
	 b'here one sec. brb.'
	 b'lemme check it out.'
	 b'Here.'
	 b'I can look it up, one second.'

Hub:        748
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05941149592399597
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahah.'
	 b'Hahah.'
	 b'oh..ok. haha.'
	 b'A dragon-bear? haha.'

Hub:        749
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16949208080768585
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I just like animals a lot, although I think we should help our fellow human beings as well.'
	 b'Its sad that most humans are not good at and want to take care of the earth and the life on here.'
	 b"That's a difficult question for me... I'm not sure. I appreciate the work of those that work to save animals though. Like habitat for humanity."
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s kind of bloody too. It really made me think about the human race. Like in how we act and stuff.'

Hub:        750
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17984935641288757
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hmmmm. ready player one?'
	 b'Yeeees, like Ready Player One style.'
	 b'The illustrated man?'
	 b'Hahaha. Well that is what makes an impressive persona today I guess. Have you seen ready player one?'

Hub:        751
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.21335701644420624
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Interesting! Do you think that has become a strength or a weakness for you? Or both maybe depending on how you look at it?'
	 b'How have you applied optimal control in your own life?'
	 b'Okay, and do you have a nemesis? or what is your main problem?'
	 b"Also probably because you have a sense of power. I may be being vulnerable, but you don't know that."

Hub:        752
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11979557573795319
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Have you had dinner yet?'
	 b'Ahh have you had dinner yet?'
	 b'I did, food was delicious. Are you still there?'
	 b'As long as you promise to always invite me to lunch.'

Hub:        753
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11570121347904205
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So, what is your secret super power?'
	 b'Good! What is your secret superpower?'
	 b'What is your "superpower"? what are you good at?'
	 b'I saw someone do the power to manipulate probability and I like that one a lot. Chance of rain today? 0% chance someone gives me a scholarship? 100%. What is your favorite superpower?'

Hub:        754
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16814318299293518
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah I don\xe2\x80\x99t have time either. I used to game. It is a long story. But I quit before my mission and I feel like it has changed my life. In addition to going on a mission.'
	 b'Did you finish reading? I still had lots of friends who had me locked down with an undignified image and as the guy that wasn\xe2\x80\x99t very social or cool. But I didn\xe2\x80\x99t care since I was leaving on my mission. So I quit video games. 6  months before leaving on my mission. And left on my mission and came back after those two years. A changed person. Even more so than in high school, in fact far more so.'
	 b"And I haven't served a mission. I just went with that because it makes people more open to talking to me."
	 b'I just bought the X because I figured I wanted to go all in after being gone on a mission for so long.'

Hub:        755
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12073533236980438
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ohhhh. I get it. I thought you were saying something else.'
	 b'Ohhh, I was confused for a minute.'
	 b"Yes because I thought that's what it said it was supposed to be lol."
	 b"Really? That's amazing? That wasn't supposed to be a question mark."

Hub:        756
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14541439712047577
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah I've heard that a ton of people play it, but I haven't particularly cared to."
	 b"I like it but I've only played a few times on an actual course."
	 b'How do you play spikeball? Ive heard about it a lot. and seen it alot, but I dont know how its played.'
	 b'I have heard OF it, never played it or really learned it. And yeah. Ugly is a little more harsh.'

Hub:        757
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15064626932144165
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah. 30 * 2. 60, then add three zeroes 60,000.'
	 b'2a. so like 900 people.'
	 b'341 314 313 and 331 i think. Maybe it is 342 not 331.'
	 b'because that adds up to a little over 6000. so lets say 800 2200 300 and 15. nope. total still comes out to like 6200.'

Hub:        758
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1307603418827057
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh I talked to her. But on the chat not in real life.'
	 b'no over the chat thing. We have talked on multiple occasions.'
	 b'She figured out with my real name was and she said in the chat and I was like hey that\xe2\x80\x99s not OK. I kept going till like 230.'
	 b'Actually kind of have been watching the guy in first. And I mean I know him so I looked around and Sure enoughhis girlfriend is in the top 10. And he\xe2\x80\x99s talking to her right now and has been talking to her in the same chat for like the past eight hours.'

Hub:        759
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10797768831253052
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Not when you hate bacon.'
	 b'People like bacon too much. Oh. That too.'
	 b'bacon.  You?'
	 b'then we would have less bacon.'

Hub:        760
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1035788357257843
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have no clue. I could see your messages the whole time.'
	 b"I have no idea. I just didn't want to send three different messages."
	 b"Helllooooo again. I could see all your messages but you couldn't see mine :'(. or yours apparently."
	 b"And they have no clue why? So really people can see the messages I send to them even though I don't see anything they send me?"

Hub:        761
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11569562554359436
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are you into swimming at all?'
	 b'Do you swim much? Yeah.'
	 b'Haha ever take swimming lessons?'
	 b'are you scuba certified?'

Hub:        762
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14687702059745789
Sample Utterances:
	 b"no not really. but I like swimming. I haven't gotten in a pool for 3 years though. I am mad that the pool is taking so long to be renovated."
	 b"I really enjoy swimming but I haven't been for 3 years,. The fact that our pool is under construction doesnt help."
	 b'Not really.  I am working 3 jobs this summer, life guarding and teaching swim lessons for 2 different pools so that will take up most of my time.  The last 2 summers though.'
	 b'i am doing swimming with my roommate. but the waitlist is too long so i might not make it in.'

Hub:        763
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05194516479969025
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So any fun plans this weekend?'
	 b'Do you have any fun plans?'
	 b'its alright. do you have any fun weekend plans?'
	 b'So what are your plans for the summer? Anything fun or exciting or crazy or well you get the idea.'

Hub:        764
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1620631217956543
Sample Utterances:
	 b'There would be a lot of people drinking unicorn blood and living longer.'
	 b'oh yeah! I can see that from happening. would you drink unicorns blood to keep yourself alive?'
	 b'XD so drinking unicorn blood would be against the honor code?'
	 b'If they were real I think there would be a lot of immortal people in the world. Think about it. In harry potter Unicorns blood was used by Voldemort and he drank it to keep himself alive.'

Hub:        765
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1773339807987213
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Ha it kind of does surprisingly! So he's an avid food fanatic it sounds like!"
	 b'Yeah, cuz Bacon sounds similar to Meighan... Kinda. Plus he loves all things food.'
	 b"HE IS omg. it's kind of ironic because he's a dietician but he literally eats so bad. I can't wait. do you have any suggestions?"
	 b'His favorite food is fruit.'

Hub:        766
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.033965885639190674
Sample Utterances:
	 b"What's your dream job?"
	 b'for sure. what is your dream job?'
	 b'What would your dream job be?'
	 b'What job would you be terrible at?'

Hub:        767
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.046683549880981445
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh sorry haha.'
	 b'Oh. Sorry haha.'
	 b'Yeah. Sorry haha.'
	 b'oh haha. I was just talking to him hahaha. Oh wait.'

Hub:        768
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13075405359268188
Sample Utterances:
	 b'movie. it just came out.'
	 b'hey made a movie not that long ago that there is no dialog. no one in the movie says anything the whole time.'
	 b'No the movie. just the tv show they made after the movie.'
	 b"Ohh I think I've seen a trailer for that or something. Isn't is based on a true story?"

Hub:        769
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1508701592683792
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So given the stare every time he walked by me. I think you got the message but he didn\xe2\x80\x99t really like to talk to me.'
	 b"but I didn't get that vibe, anyway, then he matched with me and asked me out!"
	 b'would you ever talk to him if he tried to call you and wanted to meet up with you?'
	 b"Like I sometimes I feel like he also like me, but sometimes I don't. So, he might reciprocate it. I think it'd just become super awkward."

Hub:        770
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06374825537204742
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hmm what is it about?'
	 b'really? what is it about?'
	 b'what is it about haha.'
	 b'Anyway, go on, what is it?'

Hub:        771
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1587231457233429
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I guessed since you said you were living there. Have you lived anywhere else?'
	 b'did you live there before you moved here?'
	 b'Oh I see what you were saying. Do you like where you live?'
	 b'Oh ok so it is for everyone then! Do you have your housing figured out?'

Hub:        772
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19348426163196564
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Who's your favorite spongebob character?"
	 b'Well thats what I thought but do you like spongebob.... oh I see.'
	 b'who is your favorite character in the anime.'
	 b'SPONGE BOB SQUARE PANTS. plankton has a computer wife named karen.'

Hub:        773
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17215585708618164
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well kanye is pretty liberal. and he hated bush. his fans also hate trump for the most part.'
	 b'for sure. hes offended so many people in the beginning and now his supporters. have you heard that Kanye West said that he likes Trump?'
	 b'Yeah that is true. It be horrible to have a life where you were infamous, no one would like you and paparazzi would still follow you everywhere. I feel bad for trump in that respect. I feel like he is definitely infamous.'
	 b'Kanye.'

Hub:        774
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1800060123205185
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I think society's values are changing. People are less interested in honesty and in doing the right thing just because it's right."
	 b'But they are only rare because people are rarely truly dedicated to doing everything (within moral reason). To change.'
	 b'That is true. Some people change faster than others. And sometimes the time just isn\xe2\x80\x99t right for them to be open to action. That applies to everyone. Because everyone could change and become a better person at any point in your life. There isn\xe2\x80\x99t really a limit to how good of a person you can become here.'
	 b'If you want lasting positive results at least. Well, it does, but not a lot of people know that yet. I think we just have to change the doalogue. *dialogue. Get it out in the open.'

Hub:        775
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.013881608843803406
Sample Utterances:
	 b'really? why is that?'
	 b'Really? Why is that.'
	 b'really why is that?'
	 b'Haha really, why is that?'

Hub:        776
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1209431141614914
Sample Utterances:
	 b'have you seen all of naruto?'
	 b"I've heard of Naruto."
	 b'did you really finish deathnote?'
	 b'the classic hits huh? did we already talk about anime?'

Hub:        777
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10694590210914612
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Graduating this semester then?'
	 b'This is my first semester.'
	 b'I am graduating!'
	 b'I graduate next April! So two semesters left! Why Econ?'

Hub:        778
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1579301506280899
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahahaha. does your mom feel left out?'
	 b'Are your mom is pretty chill then. Oh well then never mind she\xe2\x80\x99s probably not actually that she\xe2\x80\x99ll.'
	 b"Haha this is hilarious you're actually in a chat with my sister right now too and she got mad because you wouldn't respond."
	 b'Oh I love potstickers. Why does he wait till your mom isn\xe2\x80\x99t looking?'

Hub:        779
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1376975178718567
Sample Utterances:
	 b'this and watching anime shows hahaha.'
	 b'I am just chillin today and watching an anime show I used to watch when i was a kid.'
	 b'Me and her both love anime and spend our summers inside watching it rather than going outside XD.'
	 b'im going to watch some anime. Or I might turn on Twitch.tv and watch some pros play fortnite hahahaha.'

Hub:        780
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0853251963853836
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh you took Beethoven too? Music 101 sorry. And yeah I like Beethoven better. Mozart was more into opera and I am not personally a big fan, no offence to Mozart.'
	 b"hey! to be honest i don't really listen to classical music lol, but if i had to say i guess i'd go with beethoven."
	 b"Yeah, I did. Yeah, that's true, I'm not really into opera either. Mozart is great, but Beethoven is less formulaic and more emotional overall, which I like."
	 b"I regret to inform you that Mozart wasn't modern classical."

Hub:        781
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1410764902830124
Sample Utterances:
	 b"i'm a computer science major too! i also wanted to do the animation emphasis, but i just decided on the bioinformatics emphasis actually."
	 b"Haha too true. sort of.. I'm a wired hodgepodge... I am a very technical person, I study computer science. But at the same time I have a very artistic side. I also have an animation emphasis. what about you."
	 b"I've alway liked working with computers and was working a job doing IT and decided to study IT, but then I was talked into studying CS and I'm very glad I was. there is a character limit?"
	 b'Yay! I wrote mine for this program we have at my school called 3D. You have to apply and they choose 6 student directors.'

Hub:        782
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04534520208835602
Sample Utterances:
	 b'it is funny.'
	 b'It is way funny.'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s really funny.'
	 b'hahaha. no its funny.'

Hub:        783
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08914254605770111
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That makes perfect sense!'
	 b'Ahh, makes perfect sense.'
	 b'Oh that make sense.'
	 b'Yes, and I think that makes perfect sense to people.'

Hub:        784
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16017767786979675
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I just sound like I\xe2\x80\x99m talking to myself.'
	 b'Well that makes me sound like I\xe2\x80\x99m crazy.'
	 b'Oh wow hahaha. I feel like my voice thing doesn\xe2\x80\x99t understand me very well.'
	 b"I can't think of anything in specific, but sometimes I'm in a conversation where i have to pretend like I know something so I don't look stupid."

Hub:        785
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10469527542591095
Sample Utterances:
	 b'then I need to take these documents to the internation student office. Request for approval of CPT , letter from the propective employer (pluralsight) and a master agreemen. a completed internship coordinator form which the internship coordinator has to complete. then I need the documentation of enrollment in the realted class. then I will get the authorization to work at Pluralsight and they will give me a new I-20.'
	 b"yeah it is but I cant do anything after that if they dont send me that letter first. Then I need to get my employer letter and review it with the IT department's  internship coordinator and have the coordinator complete a form of their own. then I need to enroll in the appropriate work study, practicum, field program, internship or cooperative education course;. so basically the internship classs."
	 b'yeah the process is kind of long. so first I need to obtain a letter from Pluralsight on campny letterhead with the signature of the human resources department officer authorized to hire for the company. The letter need to include the information such as the name, physical address phone of the company. then specific detial on the nature of the training. so basically the job description of what I will be doing. then the type of position showing that how many hours I will be working there. Then It need to have the beginning date of traniing that must be five days after the internation student services receives the compelte application because authorization. may not be given retroactively and they need the time to process my request. which is the I-20. and the ending date of training that is before the first day of classes for the next term and things like that.'
	 b'So the requirements before starting is that I need to receive a new I-20 showing my authorized CPT before I begin the internship.'

Hub:        786
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0630662739276886
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so are you excited?'
	 b'Oh nice! Are you excited?'
	 b'Are you excited?'
	 b'oh fun! you excited?'

Hub:        787
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11498695611953735
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Of everything that has come out though, I think I like the Christopher Nolan batman trilogy the best.'
	 b'My favorite movie was interstellar. I like Christopher Nolan.'
	 b"ya that's a tough one although I have a couple favorite. I really like the batman movies. also the Sherlock Holmes movies with Robert Downy Jr. I like movies that mess with your mind a little bit."
	 b'Definitely! I did really like the Dark Knight trilogy though from DC. But I guess the Marvel movies give you more emotional heroic journeys.'

Hub:        788
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1652984917163849
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wow that is pretty deep. So basically her personality is built upon what other people think about us. Including what we think about ourselves.'
	 b"in a way, at least to them, that's what they perceive our personality, and the way we perceive our personality."
	 b"I'm just shocked by how everyone believes the same thing. Like, we're human. All of us grow up differently. We have different opinions. Very diametrically opposed at times. But it's all but universal when we think that girls should be pretty."
	 b"People judge politicians so easy and don't even care about their flaws. They judge them based on their looks. It's a really interesting book."

Hub:        789
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08546073734760284
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Where would you want to go? I'd love to go to Greece because it's so pretty. wait."
	 b"I've always really wanted to go to Greece because it's super pretty and ugh it's amazing. If you could travel anywhere, where would you go?"
	 b'Where in Asia would you want to go? It is really pretty there.'
	 b'Italy. I want to go there so bad. how about you?'

Hub:        790
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14202146232128143
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh ha ha that\xe2\x80\x99s funny. You must be falling asleep on me again!!!!'
	 b'Ok. Now you are really making me sleepy.'
	 b'Then I could actually ask you to scooch over so I could have slept. Hahaha.'
	 b'Ha ha ha that is very funny are you in your bed then?'

Hub:        791
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1329265832901001
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I would love to travel!'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99ve always wanted to travel the world.'
	 b'Traveling.'
	 b'Hey Victoria! I would travel and eat.'

Hub:        792
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14381052553653717
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Prioritize maybe? Or make it a set schedule. Like class for this long, then take a break or do homework right then, and do it all. So then you have more time later to do other things. Or go to bed earlier and wake up earlier.'
	 b'Then stop prioritizing. If you procrastinate too, that makes it seem like you have a lot of time, until the night before something is due.'
	 b'Pray, and get ready for bed. It was a bit challenging at first, but we have both noticed how much more energy we have because we do that. I recommend it. It sounds crazy because most college students ar up until 3 doing homework, but by having an early bedtime, we can get up earlier, be healthier, and get more d. One overall.'
	 b"Hmm... You could do something you don't like. That always make time slow for me."

Hub:        793
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1754310578107834
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah! that is crazy!!! Maybe I'll meet him one day."
	 b'Hahaha. Maybe! Even at the meet up night he could meet some of the people in person.'
	 b"yeah I think I would. but I am not sure if I would hit him up when I go visit. I don't have a strong feeling to do it or not do it. but I think I will know when the time comes."
	 b"holy crap. he is insane. I think he is pretty scared that he won't have any friends when he gets to Provo."

Hub:        794
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.058590635657310486
Sample Utterances:
	 b'go on.'
	 b'go on...'
	 b'please, go on.'
	 b'continue.'

Hub:        795
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06543207168579102
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh that would be cool.'
	 b'Oh that would be cool.'
	 b'Oh that would be interesting.'
	 b'//laughs. Now that would be a cool thing to see.'

Hub:        796
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1269417107105255
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha thats hilarious! Ive never even heard of that before.'
	 b'oh what. thats new hahaha I never seen that before.'
	 b'haha is that a thing?'
	 b'oh hahaha. I read about it on facebook.'

Hub:        797
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.055888280272483826
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha I know. It\xe2\x80\x99s going good how about you?'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s going good, how about you?'
	 b"Pretty good! I've done practically nothing hahaha. How about you?"
	 b"Good. I'm getting ready for summer. How about you."

Hub:        798
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05282549560070038
Sample Utterances:
	 b'WOAH!!!!!! WHAT ARE THE ODDS!'
	 b'What are the odds??'
	 b'What are the odds of that!!'
	 b'Woah that is crazy. What are the odds.'

Hub:        799
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14273568987846375
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Any food really, I love trying all sorts of new things. So far I havent turned down anything put in front of me. Now some things are just gross but I did try them.'
	 b'i am a super picky eater and i wish i could just change my taste buds so i liked a lot of the foods i currently do not enjoy.'
	 b"I'm very boring in food choices. But, I'll have to try that."
	 b"Durian smells like sweaty socks stuffed in a locker and aged for years. Not to mention it's got consistency of the smashed rice and bananas. Yeah it's just a taste they love I guess. I'm not sure. They loved trying to make us eat it though. It's a terrible memory I try to go look back on. Have you ever tried duck eggs before?"

Hub:        800
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13364450633525848
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah its more fun to take pictures of landscapes and other people. You should try it, it can be a little hard to get the hang of it. but I always enjoy it.'
	 b"Oh man, I wish I were good at art, drawing and photography! I love taking pictures but wish I were better at it. Oh I LOVE hiking. It's so fun! Hey, I've actually gotta run but it was good chatting with you!"
	 b'Yeah, I love art for the expression it allows for me to convey, but when other people tell you how it just isnt the same. Like photography is all about lighting, and when people dont want to stand where the lighting is good and then get mad that the pictures dont turn out. I cant do much.'
	 b'Same, its been a little different trying to get back into it. But I really do enjoy taking pictures.'

Hub:        801
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08099478483200073
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Where are you at?'
	 b'where are you?'
	 b'yeah. where are you haha?'
	 b'What spot are you at?'

Hub:        802
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1782606989145279
Sample Utterances:
	 b'me too. do you know how i can match up with him. i accidentally closed our tab, i was working on something while chatting, and i closed the wrong tab.'
	 b'My computer just flipped out so I needed to restart it. I feel bad, I was chatting with someone and had to close it all out.'
	 b'i accidentally closed my  tabs, so all my previous chats closed. does that mean we lost our points?'
	 b'he was opening a bunch of windows and typing a couple sentences and closing.'

Hub:        803
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10731890797615051
Sample Utterances:
	 b'montevideo uruguay.'
	 b'Montevideo Uruguay.'
	 b'yeah I\xe2\x80\x99m going to uruguay.'
	 b'Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Argentina, Uruguay, the Dominican Republic, Cuba, Spain, and Bolivia.'

Hub:        804
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1305600106716156
Sample Utterances:
	 b'he had me check it out, he said hed show me around when i get to BYU.'
	 b"It wasn't strange having him out of the house. Well it was when he went on his mission, but after that I was used to it and he was at BYU while I was at home. EXACTLY."
	 b"Haha. Yeah. He used to be my Sunday school teacher. He's at the community  college."
	 b'He is going to BYUI actually. He was in provo just a few weeks ago though.'

Hub:        805
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13570371270179749
Sample Utterances:
	 b'spanish haha.'
	 b'oh spanish?'
	 b'Spanish?'
	 b'(western slang from legendsofamerica.com lol). (trying to make it semi authentic :)).'

Hub:        806
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14674657583236694
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah it was expensive.'
	 b'Yeah it is definitely cheaper.'
	 b'Cheap too.'
	 b'so maybe they were slightly cheaper.'

Hub:        807
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1655544489622116
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah 10pm. its getting late.'
	 b'oh yeah it is getting pretty late.'
	 b'how late?'
	 b"Or complaints. people going crazy. I gotta go. I'll be back later."

Hub:        808
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10774344205856323
Sample Utterances:
	 b"ah it's the best feeling! that's another reason why i'm excited for byu, because i know i'll get to meet a bunch of cool people! and there are way more many people who live in provo than they do in my town lol so that's a plus."
	 b"that's really cool! sometimes i forget that i'm going to byu to get a degree and not just hang out with people hahaha."
	 b"That's so much fun! So I'm just staying in Provo and working and having fun:)."
	 b'Its gonna be epic! Utah is way more interesting than Ohio. And i have a bunch of friends going to BYU too. I work at a shaved ice place, you just make snowies all day, its pretty nice.'

Hub:        809
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11935260891914368
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love the rain.'
	 b'I love the rain, but nature in general is awesome.'
	 b'haha I know, the rain always comes at the most inconvenient times.'
	 b'Not impressed with it! It rains every time I need to walk somewhere!'

Hub:        810
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08912530541419983
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's really cool! I did a tiny bit of that in my music theory class, but not much."
	 b'Oh thats way cool that you had a bit of the history behind the music. When I did piano, maybe for a year in high school it was just the notes.'
	 b'Cool. I tried to teach myself a bit of piano a few years ago. Nothing really came of that.'
	 b"I took some in high school but I didn't learn a tone there. ton*. haha tone... music.. thats awesome!"

Hub:        811
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.20871198177337646
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well that is a given. Life insurance saves other peoples lives.'
	 b"yeah good answer. what if you were on your deathbed. and you needed the money for a life saving surgery? like 500,000 and insurance wouldn't cover."
	 b'Well we both have to do lists. I need to find a megaladon and you need to find life insurance.'
	 b'Millions of families suffer every year!'

Hub:        812
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.016773223876953125
Sample Utterances:
	 b'YOU TOO.'
	 b'You too!!!'
	 b'you too!'
	 b'You too man.'

Hub:        813
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17980772256851196
Sample Utterances:
	 b'as opposed to punching sharks?'
	 b'Punch a shark. hands down. or... up.'
	 b'I should invent that. Also sharks are very gentle creatures it would understand.'
	 b'That sounds like fun. Not the assaulting unarmed civilians part, the ability to have inflatable boxing gloves. It reminds me of the inflatable sumo wrestling suits!'

Hub:        814
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17582403123378754
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Dude you understand the Southern struggle - frizzy hair for days!'
	 b'Haha for a second I read a lot more time on their hair...'
	 b"Kind of! It's more a dry heat though. But hair is definitely still a struggle."
	 b'yeah it was really painful because there are so many people with real problems that cant provide for themselves and here are these people spending 300 a day to get their hair. and nails done at salon margrit.'

Hub:        815
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12517400085926056
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Sick! Im not good at running long distances so there is no way that I could do track at all lol.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m not much of a cross country runner.'
	 b'well obvously lol. I was actually not great at football, but I am pretty good at shot put in track.'
	 b'Also sadly, I\xe2\x80\x99m not :( I\xe2\x80\x99m actually on the track team so I wanted to do both but it is very demanding.'

Hub:        816
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09337231516838074
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Absolutely! Have you started at BYU already?'
	 b'I hope so!  So have you been at BYU since your freshman year?'
	 b'ahhh.... when are you starting BYU?'
	 b'Do you think you will or are you past that point? I think it is crazy how many people have served or are yet to serve at byu.'

Hub:        817
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16570894420146942
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Hey! I'm really good at drawing comics."
	 b'yeah haha. I used to draw a lot when I was a kid and i used to draw a lot of manga and anime stuff.'
	 b'i like to draw people and symbolic sketches.'
	 b'I also really like the humor in My Hero Academia its really clean and witty. do you know how instagram was made?'

Hub:        818
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09287621080875397
Sample Utterances:
	 b"no, i'll be a freshman this fall though!"
	 b"Nope, I'll be a freshman next year."
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s so cool!! I\xe2\x80\x99m going to be a freshman this fall.'
	 b"nah I'm not old enough yet haha. I'm taking mission prep and such but I'm turning 18 on Friday so I still have a year to go."

Hub:        819
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11888289451599121
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah. I mean trump isn't liberal."
	 b'yes. he is Trump. hahaha. his own party. just kidding.'
	 b"Well he says that he sides with the republican party but everyone knows that that isn't tru."
	 b'yeah i dont think so haha. oh yeahhhh. thats right. what do you think about Donald Rump? Trump. no judgement here.'

Hub:        820
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14028841257095337
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I've always had the idea in the back of my head, and I just feel really good about going. My sister's on a mission right now, so she's been a huge example to me."
	 b"I guess just everything in general, i have a good family life and i just feel that i am really blessed and i can do so much more to just help other people in their live's. yeah she's pretty good."
	 b'Yeah. My mom is awesome. She is probably the reason I went on a mission/.'
	 b'Oh year for sure important. Thats really great. I cant even imagine being in her situation and I dont want to ever.'

Hub:        821
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15874575078487396
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah that is true. I would never take adderall.'
	 b'you think you can do more if you took adderall?'
	 b"I can't write an essay without it feeling like my brain is on fire. probably. But I would get addicted and I couldn't handle that."
	 b"I think one of my roommates was going to do neurology. But I can't quite remember."

Hub:        822
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13692252337932587
Sample Utterances:
	 b"that's cool.  i have family in texas too."
	 b"All of my immediate family live near me, but my mom and dad's family are all in Idaho and Utah. So fairly close. What about you."
	 b'both. my uncles and aunts live in texas. i used to go to Oregon sometimes too.'
	 b"She's in Texas, McAllen, Spanish speaking. She comes home in December! Do you have any siblings?"

Hub:        823
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.055452048778533936
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am doing good.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m doing good!'
	 b'Oh hello, I am doing good.'
	 b'I am great?'

Hub:        824
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11706681549549103
Sample Utterances:
	 b'well yesterday the lds church announced that it will be discontinuing. its association with the boy scouts of america -- which actually. also just announced that they were dropping the "boy" in. the boy scouts and were planning on just becoming scouts.'
	 b'I guess they are combining the boy scouts with the girl scouts. which you would think that most people would really like especially. the boys and girls.  and the idea behind it as I was told. was that the girl scouts was not able to stand on its own and grow. and that most of the charitable corporate donations were going to. the boy scouts and not the building up of the girl scouts.'
	 b'well.  last year the church came out and said that varsity and venturing. programs in scouting were just not working out or accomplishing. what the church felt the youth needed to prepare them for life today. but the young boy scouts were left in tact as programs and support by. the church, community and leadership.  And now it is ended too. it starts to make me wonder whether something went terribly wrong. a few years back with all the controversial boy scout board meetings.'
	 b'I dont know if you have been involved with the boy scouts much.'

Hub:        825
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1463174670934677
Sample Utterances:
	 b'English is super useful though.'
	 b'yeah, language is just super huge and important to me lol.'
	 b"Hmmm, I pretty much only know English, so that's a hard one..."
	 b'yeah. its called broken english.'

Hub:        826
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16661374270915985
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Anywhere specific?'
	 b'Somewhere across town I think there is one.'
	 b'Where to?'
	 b'on a website or something/.'

Hub:        827
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12678350508213043
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i moved to utah when i was 17 and ive been living here off and on for a while now.'
	 b'i mean it was kinda close when i lived in san diego but i live in utah now sooo. i moved here 6 years ago so i hardly get the chance to go.'
	 b"Yeah, most people don't know it's a state. I didn't till I moved here."
	 b'I wasnt allowed to leave my court as a kid becuase i lived in kinda a getto area.'

Hub:        828
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0588904470205307
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Nope, I'll be a freshman next year."
	 b"no, i'll be a freshman this fall though!"
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m actually going to be a freshman!'
	 b'but its my last year in college next fall.'

Hub:        829
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17678172886371613
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think they would probably have to work with either high powered electric ducted fans or possibly with rocket type things. Eventually we might also get magnetic roads that ar powerful enough to lift the car.'
	 b'I like how compatible it is with self driving technology and all of the cool bells and whistles they come with. I think that some day the will add a solar roof to charge the battery. or maybe a solar paint job.'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s where i was able to try the acceleration of an electric motor and I haven\xe2\x80\x99t been able to shake wanting a car like that.'
	 b'good point.  I think it would most likely be built into their horn. the one horn on their head is probably like a flashy radar.'

Hub:        830
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: -8.940696716308594e-08
Sample Utterances:
	 b'me too!'
	 b'Me too.'
	 b'Me too!'
	 b'Me too!!!'

Hub:        831
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18649978935718536
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oooh yeah hahaha. what was the name of the creature, no face? yeah that dude was scary and how the parents turned in to pigs. and the spider guy was creepy I hate spiders.'
	 b"Yep. No Face. And the way he...talks? Grunts? Breaths? And they wondered why I got nightmares. Not to mention the music they played when he was around. Spider guy was cool! He was the cranky old man. Unless you don't like spiders..."
	 b'ya i remeber that episode. He just had ahuge bird and some small spider things or something.'
	 b'The guy saw I was terrified because it is totally not like me to get in trouble. So he just gave me a warning.'

Hub:        832
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15824013948440552
Sample Utterances:
	 b"There's something wrong about a gaping toothy mouth being on their stomach of a black slug looking thing."
	 b'They eat toenails! It horrifying! And that big roach in MIB!? Hideous.'
	 b'Yeah that would be interestig. Have you ever bitten a jelly bean in half just to see what it looks like on the inside?'
	 b"I don't even know where to start on how weird the image is. It's like a human frog hybrid..."

Hub:        833
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13347937166690826
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Honestly, Sprited Away was the scariest movie for me for a pretty a long time. I love it now, but back then...'
	 b'oh what I thought that movie was so creepy when I was little.'
	 b'what was the most scariest movie you have seen?'
	 b'It was a little terrifying because it was so dark but it was certainly an experience I\xe2\x80\x99ll never forget!'

Hub:        834
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1564493179321289
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I hope it doesn't take you that long!  Do you have a Trader Joe's where you are?  If so you can definitely find it there.  I've never looked at Walmart but I know Walmart. sells the cookies it's made out of so they probably might sell the cookie butter too?"
	 b"There are speculoos cookies made in Europe that taste better than graham crackers but similar.  The cookie butter is similar consisitency to peanut butter but it tastes like. those European cookies.  You can get it at Trader Joe's or World Market or now it's easier to find in general supermarket stores.  My mom found it at Winco  recently! It's yummy on bananas as well.  It's also really good on vanilla wafers!"
	 b'Walmart or Super Target. All that chocolate...'
	 b'Well good luck on your hunt!  I feel happy knowing that maybe there might be a fellow cookie butter lover out there.'

Hub:        835
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10876265168190002
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Nice! Yeah egg plan parmesan is so good. I made nutella cinnamon rolls the other week and they were so good.'
	 b'I have never had egg plant parmesan, is it one of your favorites?  I love pasta too!  I actually like to cook and bake as well. Last week I tried  a cinnamon roll in a mug. recipe and it turned out pretty good.  My mom and younger brother like it.'
	 b'Homemade bread is my comfort food. That smell is so good. I tried a green smoothie then. My friend made it with berries, orange juice and spinach. It was good.'
	 b'I love that so much. Dude, I went and got a breakfast burrito today. It was so good. Like, SO good.'

Hub:        836
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09610795974731445
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Okay way cool. What made you want to do that?'
	 b'Super cool! What made you decide to go that direction?'
	 b'How did you decide to do that? It sounds fun though!'
	 b'wow, what made you want to get into that.'

Hub:        837
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12668584287166595
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha thanks. What about you?'
	 b'Thanks! What about you?'
	 b'aww, thanks :). What about in your life this past year? :).'
	 b'Haha.  Thanks! What other things do you do?'

Hub:        838
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1435050219297409
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Me too but not because I'm tired of taking pictures of it, I just like the change.  Spring flowers never last long enough! I love light too! I am always sad when summer is over like the sad when Christmas is over.  So is summer your favorite time of year?"
	 b'I can work with any season, They each bring new things and give different scenes. By the end of the season any way I am usually ready for the next. Spring could last a little longer though. I dont always get out in time to take pictures with all the flowers. And I guess summer is nice, its more light during the day; I love light!'
	 b'I do like the warm weather, but just the same the new is exciting when the seasons change. Ill always have another to look forward. What is your favorite kind of photography?'
	 b"I'll tell you, if you go, go in august because it's beautiful that time of year. Pretty much from october to june the sky is the color of the background of this chat, and its. lame and sad. Aw that stinks. What happened to your plans?"

Hub:        839
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.20717088878154755
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Definitely!  My favorite things to look at on Pinterest are food, organizational ideas, and art!  What about you?'
	 b"Yeah! It is always exciting to go with a shopping  list to try out a new recipe. Finding all the ingredients is like a scavenger hunt where you aren't really sure what things. look like."
	 b'What a great idea!  You are a genius!  I love motivation tricks. Often my rewards are spending time on Pinterest or taking a nap ).'
	 b'Well maybe we do and we\xe2\x80\x99ll be able to compare are food critique notes.'

Hub:        840
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08673763275146484
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You\xe2\x80\x99re welcome! Adieu!'
	 b'You\xe2\x80\x99re welcome.'
	 b'Twas my pleasure.'
	 b"Your welcome. Ohh. Break. That'll do it."

Hub:        841
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11814714968204498
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It does require much work, but. Keyboard.'
	 b'it requires a keyboard?'
	 b'Typing can get quite tedious. Mechanical keyboards make it faster and way more fun though.'
	 b"Oh so you don't know about the keys on home row and such."

Hub:        842
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09336774051189423
Sample Utterances:
	 b'the what?'
	 b'the WHAT.'
	 b'what were we talking about again?'
	 b'From who?'

Hub:        843
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16041946411132812
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I love ice cream! I like trying new flavors as often as I can. That's why I would probably make an iOS app that helps people try new flavors of ice cream. Keeps it interesting. And fun. And exciting!"
	 b"That's not a bad idea... I could write an app that helps people make new ice cream recipes. Or find new combinations."
	 b"That's really rough, but ice cream would be a sure bet to cheer anyone up! The most exciting thing that happened to me this year? I learned how to develop mobile applications for smartphones."
	 b'sounds like youre the perfect person to be working on better alternatives for people who are also sensitive to dairy. you sound amazing, i am really glad i followed my. intuition to get on this chat because i got to meet you and we are very like minded individuals who love ice cream i think there could be a very happy union between our. products someday or at least i can dream. lol. im a fan of you already.'

Hub:        844
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13491642475128174
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I got married.'
	 b'Well I got married so I got that going for me I guess.'
	 b'My brother got married when I was eight.'
	 b'Engagements and such. They are getting married this summer.'

Hub:        845
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0257127583026886
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Very true.'
	 b'very true.'
	 b'True, True.'
	 b'Mmm true.'

Hub:        846
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.024878159165382385
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah, totally.'
	 b'yeah totally.'
	 b'Yeah totally.'
	 b'Yeah, totally okay!'

Hub:        847
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17372679710388184
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Gun violence is what we see as a result of a lack of mental education.'
	 b"Like, we shouldn't be arguing about guns right now, there's an obvious mental health problem going on here that is being ignored."
	 b'I hope so... Hahah. I get so frustrated sometimes. Like, you may think differently, but I am absolutely over the gun issue debate, since I think so much could be prevented if we invest more in the quality of our schools.'
	 b'and we should limit machine guns in america. im woke.'

Hub:        848
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14931796491146088
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I would say so. Maybe not as little as teachers. But YEAH. I am miffed that we are baffled that we have all these social issues but we place so little importance in the younger generation's education! That's why I'm pushing for more counselors in schools and less emphasis in imprisonment. If we can have qualified, happy and trained teachers to care for their kids. We have to pay them a living wage first."
	 b'Yep. We need a higher teacher-student ratio, fewer standardized tests, more focus on individual student needs, and more hands-on learning. Early emphasis on the arts and. sciences. Early development of marketable skills. Scrap Common Core. More recognition of the fact that no one, especially not little boys, learn best sitting still all day.'
	 b'If we just had a series of teachers or a system where each person teaches 5 people what they know. That would spread so much knowledge so quickly. See that is where i think the problem lies in world hunger.'
	 b"Ah, I see. Do school counselors end up in the same wage bracket as teachers? As in, do they get underpaid relative to others that have equivalent education? Because that's something else that really fires me up, teachers making no money!"

Hub:        849
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1241445243358612
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Accounting. Which is a little sad because I currently have a 99% in finance and... not that in accounting haha.'
	 b'something in finance or accounting.'
	 b'thats so interesting yes i do, i only had to take accounting, statistics, finance, econ, organizational behavior,  marketing, and a bus lecture series though.'
	 b'there ya go. and accounting I feel like it will be a dead field soon. because computers.'

Hub:        850
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10981056094169617
Sample Utterances:
	 b"that's a good idea. wish i had headphones lol."
	 b"Ha, but these are noise cancelling, and I have a pair of small headphones, but noise cancelling. man. That'd be great."
	 b"That's so much! I spent like 5 bucks on the headphones I have now."
	 b'I do, I do. I want those headphones.'

Hub:        851
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09376884996891022
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Hi, What's the craziest thing you've ever done?"
	 b'whats the craziest thing youve ever done?'
	 b'haha nice nice what about you whats the craziest thing you have ever done?'
	 b'Hi. How is your night. The craziest thing I have ever done. Maybe cliff jumping. or swimming with alligators.'

Hub:        852
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1349424123764038
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s a good smell. I like Vanilla.'
	 b'hmmm. Well my favorite smell differs but. I like the smell of. good perfume I guess.'
	 b"hey. I like vanilla. Or men's cologne."
	 b'I like gum. Its nice.'

Hub:        853
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09684908390045166
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I hadn\xe2\x80\x99t heard.'
	 b'Yes. I heard that.'
	 b'yeah,. i havent heard it either.'
	 b'Last I heard, and saw, yeah.'

Hub:        854
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1043967604637146
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I may or may not.'
	 b'I may or may not have.'
	 b'I wont confirm or deny.'
	 b'You most definitely have.'

Hub:        855
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16593897342681885
Sample Utterances:
	 b'it was funny because my dad sometimes would not even know it. and the funniest things would come out of his mouth and. we as kids would laugh.  but other times he told very. interesting and suspenseful stories that had us on the edge of our beds. every story would start with the phrase. once upon a time there was a bear named Cimmy and. all his friends knew him as Cinnamon bear - or other way around. my dad was really good at making up stories on the fly.'
	 b'oh that is really cool idea too. when our family went on trips we would eventually start singing. very silly songs or telling diarrhea rhyming jokes.  That really are. not that funny unless you are in a really silly mood. and then. they are absolutely hilarious and border line crude. did your family travel much when you and your siblings were kids.'
	 b'Oh no.  I am I starting to not make sense?  It happens late at night when I am trying to use my brain. when me and my siblings were younger, my dad used to come into our big bedroom. and lay down on the floor and tell us cinamon bear stories. he cinnamon bear stories always had a value to them and taught some sort of. good moral to live by or lesson to learn before we return home. when  the stories were being told late at night, my dad would start. getting tired and mixing his thoughts together.  It was crazy.'
	 b'Hahah I was just reminded I was explaining tres leches to my brother and I told him it has rat milk in it. Milking rats is like a huge joke in my family because we were playing this game called alibi where theres this fake crime and you have to come up with the most creative alibi.'

Hub:        856
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13739237189292908
Sample Utterances:
	 b'well the truth is. i am actually 6 foot 5. but i am a girl as well.'
	 b'I\'m 5\'5 and 3/4". So yeah, pretty much 5\'6".'
	 b'I am 6 feet.'
	 b"hahaha! Mmmm, I would say I'm pretty average as a player."

Hub:        857
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1556949019432068
Sample Utterances:
	 b'that is funny i think you are right. someday it will work though. honestly sarcasm is a little to complicated for a chat bot in my opinion.'
	 b'the chat bot will need something more than just italics to convey sarcasm.'
	 b'hahaha yeah i will be the sole programmer to accomplish the impossible: a sarcastic chat bot.'
	 b'tell you what i will even use this chat to train it and yeah it will only take a few minutes. i mean there isnt really much good sarcasm here, but it might work? you never know...'

Hub:        858
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05552484095096588
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So what kinds of things do you like to do.'
	 b'Yeah. So what kinds of things do you like to do?'
	 b'So. What other things do you like doing?'
	 b'I am doing really well. So what kinds of things do you like to do?'

Hub:        859
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17483708262443542
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What do you like about him?'
	 b'really tell me about that why lee? what about him is so appealing to you? lol.'
	 b'You bet. What is your impression on him?'
	 b"It's so true. It's so comforting. What is your favorite thing about your almost-fiancee?? What qualities does he have that are unique to him ? :). Hello?"

Hub:        860
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10068398714065552
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Who's your favorite marvel character?"
	 b"Who's your favorite avenger?"
	 b'Who is your favorite character in "Brooklyn"?'
	 b'I like that. which characters do you feel most connected?'

Hub:        861
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12154090404510498
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am stuyding industrial design. What about you?'
	 b'What do you like to do outside of industrial design?'
	 b'do you enjoy automotive design? is that what you would want to accomplish through the industrial design program?'
	 b'I wanna work in a business making models and stuff. What about you?'

Hub:        862
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.035483330488204956
Sample Utterances:
	 b'How is your day going?'
	 b'How is your day going.'
	 b'hey whats up. how is the day going?'
	 b'How is your day going? Any fun plans this fine afternoon?'

Hub:        863
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.002516329288482666
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ha ha.'
	 b'ha ha.'
	 b'Ha. ha.'
	 b'Ha ha ha.'

Hub:        864
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1797950714826584
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thats kind of old ish.'
	 b'its kinda old.'
	 b'So you can find out if you are really old or something.'
	 b'That kind of counts as modern, I guess.'

Hub:        865
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.007758870720863342
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahahaha.'
	 b'Hahahaha.'
	 b'hahahahaha.'
	 b'hahahah.'

Hub:        866
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06936721503734589
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Holy crap thats insane.'
	 b'Holy cow!!! that is insane!!'
	 b'really? that is insane.'
	 b"OH WHAT. dang that's insane."

Hub:        867
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: -1.1920928955078125e-07
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh nice!'
	 b'oh nice.'
	 b'Oh nice.'
	 b'Oh nice!'

Hub:        868
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12292520701885223
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so i gave up on that mower.  before long my dad. bought another new mower.  This time I wanted to know. how it worked before I broke it.  so i took it apart.'
	 b'yep.  the second mower that was almost new had left. over parts after i was done.  I was so sad. and I was so in trouble when my dad found out.'
	 b'haha.  ya.  so I would mow over the stump and it would bend. the mower blade and engine shaft and kill the engine. I felt bad so I offered to try and fix it.  I tried. I took it a part and tried to put it back together but. I always had left over parts no matter which way i did it.'
	 b'anyway I was either told or decided that I would not be getting. to use another family mower for experimenting and so. i started looking for those neighborhood throw out mowers. that people would leave for the garbage man to pick up. one day I found a push mower with a magnesium deck but. the motor was shot.  The deck had a really nice throw on. it and was very light and easy to push and maneuver. a few weeks later, as luck would have it, I found another. mower that was a self propelled mower that had a very big motor. I was able, with some modiications, to relocate the big motor on. small light weight lawn mower deck and put two blades. on it.  It was a beast and would cut thru anything. after that I was not afraid to mow my neighbors unruly yards. in fact they would call me to do it even when they could do it. I think it was because they wanted to see the unique mower at work. It was really cool and I made a couple hundred dollars a. month mowing yards in the neighborhood using it.'

Hub:        869
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05562576651573181
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What kind of music do you like?'
	 b'What kind of music do you like.'
	 b'How do you discover your music? And what kind of music do you like?'
	 b'Neat dude! Love California - What kind of music are you into?'

Hub:        870
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1651437133550644
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Did he teach?'
	 b'That is so cool! What did he teach?'
	 b'Did you know that he really did do really good in math and he passed school.'
	 b'did he get in?'

Hub:        871
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17156514525413513
Sample Utterances:
	 b'my phone is charging buti will later.'
	 b"I shouldn't be on my phone as a first."
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s a good thing I have my phone all charged. Probably go for several more hours before I run out of battery. I should probably turn on PowerSaver just to be safe. I asked you before if you are an apple or an android person?'
	 b"My phone said it would be 20 centigrade. But it doesn't feel that way."

Hub:        872
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.021382614970207214
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thanks.'
	 b'Thanks.'
	 b'thanks!'
	 b'Oh thanks!'

Hub:        873
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10231740772724152
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah, its nice!'
	 b'yeah its really nice.'
	 b"Yeah at least that's nice."
	 b"cool! yeah we all are i think. But it's good change."

Hub:        874
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13916388154029846
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I met so many people and appreciated a new culture and I understood Christlike love a little better. it was the first time i really understood the scriptures that say the gospel will be preached in every tonuge and to every people.'
	 b"You'll have to excuse me because i dont have my companion with me.  but I'll give it my best shot from memory. So during the 1800. 1800's there was a lot of different people preaching different views on God and what His will was."
	 b'The church is filled with people who have done that. On my mission I kept running into people who wanted a different life, but weren\xe2\x80\x99t willing to do what was necessary to change it. And that was over 90 percent of people I met. It takes humility too.'
	 b"Had a pretty good testimony meeting today. Lots were talking about our prophet, and seeing the Lord's hand."

Hub:        875
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.016927912831306458
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thats way cool...'
	 b'Thats way cool.'
	 b'that\xe2\x80\x99s way cool :).'
	 b'Thats coll. cool.'

Hub:        876
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10074557363986969
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ya...? cool.'
	 b'yeah cool.'
	 b'What! So cool!'
	 b'we cool. ikr.'

Hub:        877
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11614926159381866
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thanks! I will be doing an internship as a product intern. If I get this internship Ill be mentored by a Product Manager and a UX Designer and that would be the most ideal situation for me.'
	 b'yeah so I really want to land this internship. plus the compnay name will really really really really look good on my resume for future employers.'
	 b'I want to become a User experience designer. I actually interviewed for his awesome internship as a product designer at a compnay called Pluralsight yesterday. it was a 3 hour long interview. I hope i get it they will get back to me friday at the lastest.'
	 b'Yeah im deciding between going the cyber security route or UX design route.'

Hub:        878
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11852061748504639
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh cool! Are you from there?'
	 b"That's so cool, are you from Cincinnati?"
	 b'sweet. I am from Korea. are you from Italy?'
	 b'Makes sense haha. Same here. So working or are you from there?'

Hub:        879
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08932116627693176
Sample Utterances:
	 b'The books are so good. I\xe2\x80\x99m a big nerd when it comes to Harry Potter.'
	 b'Haha you know... I actually have never read Harry Potter...'
	 b'Wow that is impressive. I started reading in like 3rd or fourth grade. I had seen the movies and was pilled in and made the next movie wasnt out yet so i just read the books. Turns out the books are always way better haha.'
	 b"Oh my goodness! I love Harry Potter! I relate, Ron wasn't portrayed in the movies as awesome as he was in the books. Or any of the characters, but nothing can live up to the books."

Hub:        880
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1380818486213684
Sample Utterances:
	 b'If I had a magic wand like in Harry Potter I\xe2\x80\x99d learn all the magic that would make my life convenient. What about you?'
	 b"I'm doing great. what would you do if you had a magic wand like in Harry Potter?"
	 b'Well depends on what the wand would be able to do! If its like a Harry Potter wand then I would do everything!'
	 b"Me dad's  a muggle. Mam's a witch. that one."

Hub:        881
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09504878520965576
Sample Utterances:
	 b"AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR! I wouldn't say it particularly changed my life, but it was so good."
	 b'I liked that movie too! It was super good. Last week I actually got to see the new Avengers Infinity War.'
	 b'Infinity war was a good one too, I went and saw it with my sister the day it came out.'
	 b'civil war was really great too.'

Hub:        882
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1868516504764557
Sample Utterances:
	 b'well I am not sure how much more of this i can do. you are such a good listener.  even if you do not say much. this has been really helpful to me. well everyone around here wants me to turn out the lights and go to bed. any chance you might also get on tomorrow and we can continue. these interesting one sided dialogues where i chat and you. listen or give short responses.'
	 b'What is catfishing?  I have never heard of it before. you seem to be doing more listening than talking. do you mind if I talk a bit.'
	 b'You should help me out you seem to be on when no one else\xe2\x80\x99s. We have some really good conversations. Otherwise quite honestly I would probably fall asleep.'
	 b'I need to run and help a neighbor before lights out.  I need to sign off.  Thank you so much for the chat.  Hope you are more than successful at getting the box of chocolates. You seem like a very well grounded person.  I hope I find someone similarly grounded in the family and values. Best regards!  Good night. I have wondered sometimes if it is possible to know too much about a subject.  Passing the functional knowledge point.'

Hub:        883
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11839880049228668
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't know, I've never been there."
	 b"I don't know never been yet."
	 b'I dont know, I have never been there over the non class time.'
	 b'I never did, we have visited though.'

Hub:        884
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1489764302968979
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah i can talk about mine, but nobody ever listens so i just end up feeling worse. so i write it out.'
	 b'yeah i hear you haha. I have those feelings to and I usually listen to it and usually it turns out ok.'
	 b'Yes!! It\xe2\x80\x99s so satisfying too! It helps me get out my feelings since I don\xe2\x80\x99t really like talking about them.'
	 b'yeah i kind of have a good memory. it is really good but just barely below the point where i could say it is photograpic.'

Hub:        885
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14072813093662262
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Clouds! Rain clouds to be specific.'
	 b'Clouds!'
	 b'Its a masterpiece in the sky. Just like sunsets and clouds.'
	 b"Silly things like what's going to happen in a movie. Or weather by looking at clouds."

Hub:        886
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12110626697540283
Sample Utterances:
	 b'The irony is so great! She is always taking about her amazing dance skills and then when she actually dances she is terrible!'
	 b'I think it takes a lot of talent to dance like her.'
	 b'anything with her dancing is hilarious.'
	 b"That was just really unexpected. Yeah she's not like ~other girls~. *hipster hair flip*."

Hub:        887
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04670609533786774
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Noooooo.'
	 b'NOOOOOO!'
	 b'Noooooo!!!!'
	 b'Nooo agh its agonizing.'

Hub:        888
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16272100806236267
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Amen to that. "No one ever made a difference by being like everyone else".'
	 b'Lets all be special in our own way until we realize we are all the same.'
	 b'It amazes me just how different everyone can be from one another.'
	 b'Yeah. Lots of people would hate you though. No matter who you were.'

Hub:        889
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10754954814910889
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What time zone are you in?'
	 b'What time is it where you live?'
	 b"I'm in Eastern Standard Time. It's 11:44 here."
	 b'Yeah? What time do you plan on going to bed?'

Hub:        890
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14813490211963654
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Which actor would play you in your life movie.'
	 b'If your life was a movie, who would play your part?'
	 b'Oh nice. If you could have dinner with anyone, dead or alive, who would you have it with?'
	 b'I really like Matt Damon and Matt Smith  (from Dr Who). What are your favorite actors or actresses?'

Hub:        891
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18010056018829346
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh yeah. that is disgusting. remind me not to leave my toenails hanging around.'
	 b'hahaha. id just go bare foot because it wont hurt.'
	 b'Hey orgionization is a good thing to have. Mine would probably be putting myself in other peoples shoes (metaphorically not literally).'
	 b"Stitches kind of make me feel sick. They're very gross."

Hub:        892
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.022537007927894592
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It was!!!!'
	 b'It was.'
	 b'Yes! it was!'
	 b'Yeah, it was.'

Hub:        893
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11368270218372345
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh yes! That album is amazing too. I loved that movie.'
	 b'I love the swords and the medieval era/fantasy. stuff like that I loved when I was a boy and I still love it. The music from that movie is also a classic. I listened to it in my mission sometimes haha.'
	 b'I agree, I think my favorite from that movie would have to be never enough. SO much soul.'
	 b'I need to see Hamilton! I also love Phantom, and West Side Story is one of my faves too,.'

Hub:        894
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1525271236896515
Sample Utterances:
	 b"haha sorry I'm just totally feeling out. I love Sam smith."
	 b"Haha it's all good. Haha yeah me too. I also like Sam Smith too. And adele."
	 b'Haha did you finally listen to Sam smiths songs that I told ya about? Haha.'
	 b'Sam Smith. Hes my booo.'

Hub:        895
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.059488117694854736
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha sorry.'
	 b'hahahaha. i am sorry.'
	 b'Haha. I geeked out a little. I am sorry.'
	 b'brb!! sorry!!!'

Hub:        896
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11952921748161316
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Purple is a great color too.'
	 b'Black is an awesome color.'
	 b"Maroon or burgundy (they're kinda the same thing). Why purple?"
	 b"Their coloring changes according to the lighting, isn't that awesome?? They go from purple to green to brown to purple and blue. It's awesome. Are you from Utah? I am and the. mountains still take my breath away."

Hub:        897
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0489329993724823
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's cool. So what made you choose byu."
	 b'Haha! That sounds like fun! What made you choose to go to BYU?'
	 b'why did you choose to go to BYU?'
	 b'Haha yeah. I love them. So what made you choose BYU.'

Hub:        898
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18387331068515778
Sample Utterances:
	 b"one thing the chat FAQ said was that talking about the competition won't give very points."
	 b'the point of this contest is for bot to learn the chats. if people have multiple chats open with the same person and the chat is meaningful then it benefits the developers.'
	 b'if they win thiss next competition depending on what they manage with their chat bot they will manage about 1.5 million. for winning the competiton. competition.'
	 b'Haha the rules said that points for conversations will be based on quality.'

Hub:        899
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09164337813854218
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i think it does.'
	 b'Yeah it does.'
	 b'sometimes it doesnt.'
	 b'It counts!'

Hub:        900
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06788879632949829
Sample Utterances:
	 b"what's your favorite?"
	 b'which is your favorite?'
	 b'Yeah. What is your favorite?'
	 b'What about you, whats your favorite.'

Hub:        901
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06836003065109253
Sample Utterances:
	 b'just kidding haha.'
	 b'haha just kidding.'
	 b'6\xe2\x80\x9912\xe2\x80\x9d. Just kidding haha.'
	 b'totally ;). jk.'

Hub:        902
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.21536067128181458
Sample Utterances:
	 b"The idea that beauty is required for women? I think it's because of money."
	 b"But who tells you that girls are supposed to look prettier? It's not your mom, she tells you you're always beautiful. Beauty companies always push the idea that you need more beauty, and that in order to attain some new level of beauty that they have some how attained from last season, you. need their prouct. Who runs the beauty industries."
	 b'wealthy peple like to go where there is attraction and attention. they go out for good food but also status like i said earlier.'
	 b"I'm specifically referring to the beauty industry. So firstly, think about the beauty isles at Target. How many are for women of the whole health section. Like 6 to 8? Subtract 2 for feminine products, because we can't do much about that. Now how many isles are there for men in the health/ beauty section. Probably about 2. Maybe 3."

Hub:        903
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16306525468826294
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Awwww. But did you get close?'
	 b'wow that is terifying! were you home from your mission for that?'
	 b'Wow that would be so funny. Did anyone jump in after you?'
	 b'Did you touch any?'

Hub:        904
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.21640898287296295
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Well, maybe he isn't first place. I assume he is. WAIT."
	 b"Yeah, he's first. Or pretty sure, at least. He won't officially tell me, but I'm pretty sure that's him."
	 b'He wants a 2 mil barrier between the two of you I think.'
	 b'ya.  He delayed two weeks to open it so he could have his friends around.  Now he is rushing to get his papers ready and his shots.'

Hub:        905
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14980044960975647
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I want them. but a bit more jumping is involved for me than you. Plus I'm wondering if you get a prize if that disqualifies you from other prizes."
	 b"Haha I'm not too sure I didn't even know there were prizes for people other than in 1st place until yesterday so maybe."
	 b'I just went to work and such. So are you still okay to compete in the next round and get prizes?'
	 b"Oh that's dumb! I guess I'll have to get as much chatting in as possible! Holy cow! That first place and second place is way above everyone else! Do you think they're actually going to give out the prizes they say or is it some kind of scam like a. car auction?"

Hub:        906
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1573978215456009
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wait like the class required you to go dating?'
	 b'whatttt holy cow. confessing your love is even more awkard because the class is so small!'
	 b'But, in her defense, it WAS a prep for marriage class.'
	 b"Or, if you were married, to do stuff with your spouse. Oh, totally allowed. I mean, it wasn't REQUIRED. But there was a point system. And they had activities that gave you points. You had to get 25 points per half semester. But a good deal of the assignments dealt with dating. When I told the professor I wasn't interested in dating right now--still a freshman--she said just to go with a good guy friend."

Hub:        907
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14438971877098083
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Then again I am the youngest and my brother is fourteen years older.'
	 b"I'm the oldest and my sister is eight years younger than me so I don't see how that's really different."
	 b'But my younger brother is 6\xe2\x80\x997\xe2\x80\x9d. Yeah part of the joke haha.'
	 b"i'm one of 5 and my dad is one of 10 so i like big familites."

Hub:        908
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey!'
	 b'hey!'
	 b'Hey.'
	 b'hey.'

Hub:        909
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09143686294555664
Sample Utterances:
	 b'what other things do you like to do?'
	 b'What other things do you like to do?'
	 b'What is your favorite thing to do.'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s weird but cool what things people can do.'

Hub:        910
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10797072947025299
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I like to wear colors in the range of blue. I have like favorite colors for different things. thats probably the most prominent one.'
	 b'I like all colors. but i like to wear black a lot.'
	 b"I'm not sure, I've just always loved it! I don't wear purple as much as I wear blue, though."
	 b'Aand they look kind of different based on what color I\'m wearing but then I sound like one of those crazy people who are like "my eyes change colors". That\'s nice. How many sibs do you have.'

Hub:        911
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07004964351654053
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh wow, that's awesome!"
	 b'Woah thats awesome.'
	 b"Oh that's too bad! Oh what haha. That's awesome."
	 b"Wow good job!!! That's awesome!!!! Haha yeah so many do that."

Hub:        912
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16126649081707
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Did you see any?'
	 b'did you see it?'
	 b'did you decide?'
	 b'Did you see any crazy things like that that you thought should have been common practice?'

Hub:        913
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15461397171020508
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I would binge watch just about about every tv show.'
	 b"I've recently been watching a show called the Walking Dead. It's actually a really boring show. I think I'm on like season 3 or something but it's getting really boring now..."
	 b'I know! It\'s awful. Just let me binge watch the FANTASTIC TV show and I\'ll be happy. No movie "adaptation" needed.'
	 b'Generally tv shows get away with some bad stuff.'

Hub:        914
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09961715340614319
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love Brooklyn 99! I am all caught up on that one. I think I have heard of The Good Place, only good things so maybe Ill try to watch it this summer. Or once finals are over.'
	 b'I will, i was looking for a new show. I heard the good place is a good one.'
	 b'I\'ve heard great things about season 4 of "Brooklyn 99" and "The Good Place". In fact, I\'m just slightly ashamed of myself for this, but I\'ve already finished both seasons of. "The Good Place". It was awesome! Have you heard of it?'
	 b"Nice!! I will definitely have to give it a try.  I'm always looking for good recommendations. Is it on netflix?"

Hub:        915
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14566157758235931
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I really thought it was character development. I actually like the way his character is going, it makes it easier to follow along with the show if there is some progression.'
	 b"I agree. I didn't like him that much in the beginning, but his character has become endearing. I feel like the whole cast are my friends. I suppose that means they are doing a. good job."
	 b"Hahah yeah! I think it's one of the first episodes where they start to develop Andre Baugher's character."
	 b"What do you think about how he's been writing to show more emotion now? Do you think it shows character development or just a new set of writers?"

Hub:        916
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13447067141532898
Sample Utterances:
	 b"oh my goodness same! i love writing poetry. still not very good but it's a good stress releiver for me."
	 b'Oh, really? I\xe2\x80\x99m glad poetry helps when no one listens.'
	 b'yeah poetry and writing in my journal and playing music. all good ways to channel it. well i have to go but it was good talking to you! have a good night!'
	 b'Oh, that makes sense. I do that but by writing poems.'

Hub:        917
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1284005492925644
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hahaha oh how joyous was my soul. I need to look it up right away! Is his music on spotify? Or just youtube?'
	 b'He does his own music?! I love his voice, I was sad too when he left the group. The songs name that they covered is Papaoutai.'
	 b'He has a new album? Oh my goodness. my day got so much better.'
	 b'Haha I am so sorry. His music is always stuck in my head.'

Hub:        918
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19781328737735748
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Um yeah, I love drawing characters and book covers:). And yeah that would be pretty cool.'
	 b'Um yeah I actually have done a book cover, and that was really fun!'
	 b"definitely, it's got some really great new characters and beautiful artwork."
	 b'Yeah the horn is a little sketch tbh. Voldemort would have a field day...yikes.'

Hub:        919
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13831283152103424
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Really. What do you draw? Do you want to illustrate for books?'
	 b"So it's figuring out how to tell a story with a simple drawing or painting. So it's like designing characters, or book covers, or childrens books, or album covers, or paintings... haha there is a lot of stuff you can do with illustration."
	 b'Do you draw for books?  Do you use software like photoshop?'
	 b'Cool, what do you mean by symbolic sketches?'

Hub:        920
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09300518035888672
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I love Pacsum jeans. thats where i get my pants. I can't order pants online because I am so skinny so I have to try them on."
	 b'and they have good fitting jeans. I sometimes check out like Pac Sun for some jeans. they sometimes have nice blue jeans but they have to be the ultra skinny ones.'
	 b"oh BOY you are a fashion man i know this much so here goes. honestly... i don't really have a preference. I shop at Zumiez & like Pacsun a lot because their kids sizing fits me n it's cheaper LOL."
	 b'I have to buy jeans at like Hot Topic so.'

Hub:        921
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16726268827915192
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, Huy. "Beautiful" can have a different definition for you.'
	 b'define beautiful.'
	 b'wow my life must be not beautiful at all.'
	 b"Now, let me banter with you for just a second and say, aren't girls supposed to look prettier? Shouldn't we have more isles dedicated to beauty?"

Hub:        922
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12519967555999756
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well I got married so I got that going for me I guess.'
	 b'I got married.'
	 b'It just matters that i marry the right person.'
	 b"Actually no. I am single :'(."

Hub:        923
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1453855335712433
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha well I have 5 finals... Currently I've taken 0 finals. So it's going great!"
	 b'But yeah I ended up taking three finals Tuesday haha. Bad choice, but they all went surprisingly well.'
	 b"Well, haha, not the finals. Some of my final scores were no bueno. But it still somehow didn't drag my grade too far down."
	 b"I didn't at first, but I have started to up my game as finals finish. Not really. Every conversation is way different."

Hub:        924
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14037232100963593
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I guess that's why with that movie I liked that they didn't end up together, because then it's too perfect and cheesy.  With the way it ended, it was more realistic. Yeah! And he really almost loses everything."
	 b'Ah, I\'m the reverse. I\'ve only seen the movie.. but yeah! I think it was shocking to have a movie that didn\'t have the typical "happy ending". But, I liked that. It was reality... what really happened for those people :(.'
	 b"Hahahaha oh I understand that. It's weirdly so hard to end a series of something. You grow to love the characters and it's hard to see it end. Hahaha even though non of it is actually real."
	 b'Exactly! Sixth Sense is great from script to story to acting, Last Aribender is just a mess.'

Hub:        925
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yes!'
	 b'YES.'
	 b'yes.'
	 b'yes!!!!'

Hub:        926
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1606464833021164
Sample Utterances:
	 b'The last film that truly made an impression on me was Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you seen that movie?'
	 b'Anything with Will Smith in it is a classic.'
	 b'Hmmm. Have you ever seen Emperors New Groove? Classic.'
	 b"Its a political/social drama comparing a mother's experience with the 1968 peace protests with her son's experience of living in the 21s century as a percieved failure and the. characters are beautifully developed and it has a really unique premise."

Hub:        927
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.028339460492134094
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s a good point.'
	 b"That's a good point."
	 b'Good point.'
	 b'Yeah you make a good point.'

Hub:        928
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.018746167421340942
Sample Utterances:
	 b'sure.'
	 b'Sure.'
	 b'sure!'
	 b'sure. that works.'

Hub:        929
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12255901098251343
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Fair point.  Batman is pretty neat, but I appreciate the moral qualities that captain America and Superman portray. Sure they have powers,  but cap\xe2\x80\x99s powers are only possible. Because of his heart. Superman also has nice hair (especially with the little curly cue one in his forehead that the latter films do not portray. Oh, and wonder woman is pretty awesome. Just throwing that out there.'
	 b"Exactly! Superman, he's otherworldly and we really can't understand him. He's always the hero. But Tony Stark has moments where he makes a bad choice and shows his humanity over and over again."
	 b'Yeah, but for him his suit is everything. Batman uses his suit, plus his Batmobile, other gear, friends, brain, and so on. Iron Man just uses his suit. And Hulk on occasion.'
	 b'But nerds like iron man\xe2\x80\x99s dad don\xe2\x80\x99t have the heart to do what cap does. It\xe2\x80\x99s a team effort. Cap was a hero before the powers. Oh, and Peggy Carter is awesome:) she has no powers, but has a British accent, brains, and wit,.'

Hub:        930
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11031875014305115
Sample Utterances:
	 b'And why? Oh. Spider-Man?'
	 b'But my homeboy spiderman goes "I don\'t feel so good" because SPIDEY SENSE.'
	 b'Spiderman is done for too.'
	 b'Spider Man. wbu?'

Hub:        931
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14826110005378723
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99ve studied Spanish since I was in junior high, but took a break to learn Russian. He probably thinks he is Batman, but considering how he isn\xe2\x80\x99t a night person, I don\xe2\x80\x99t think he would make it as a caped crusader after 9:).'
	 b"Perhaps, that's what he wants you to think, but in reality, he is slipping out at night to catch bad guys. Your husband must be a superhero. He likes coding and technology. = Batman. He knows Russian and is learning Spanish = Batman."
	 b'Ya, I\xe2\x80\x99m pretty sure you\xe2\x80\x99d be good friends with him. He is practically friends with everyone. He speaks Russian and I\xe2\x80\x99m teaching him Spanish. However, when he first met, he told me he wanted to grow up and be Batman. Oh, and he is also a nerd. He loves Apple products and coding.'
	 b"You're teaching him Spanish, huh? How long have you been speaking Spanish? And are you sure he isn't Batman already?"

Hub:        932
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11341564357280731
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Most everyone does.'
	 b'yup. and I love that about people. for the most part.'
	 b'yeah but i mean everyone has that moment.'
	 b'I don\xe2\x80\x99t. At least that\xe2\x80\x99s what people tell me.'

Hub:        933
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18650290369987488
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm glad you could work through it and become a better person."
	 b"In fact I'm glad you had the mind to just keep going and doing the best for yourself regardless of all the judgement."
	 b'Do it. Change the world for the better!'
	 b'Hahaha, I wish. Ya know how people say affirmations can help you like change yourself and stuff.'

Hub:        934
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.050105929374694824
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I know.'
	 b'i know.'
	 b'Yeah i know.'
	 b"I don't know why, or how, i know that."

Hub:        935
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08865651488304138
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are you serious.'
	 b'oh wow what in the world. are you serious?'
	 b"Ok no way you're joking."
	 b'ARE YOU FREAKING SERIOUS RIGHT NOW. yeah.'

Hub:        936
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.016698822379112244
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh definitely.'
	 b'Oh, definitely!'
	 b'Oh yeah definitely.'
	 b'Oh absolutely.'

Hub:        937
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.03136572241783142
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Hey what's up!"
	 b"Hey! What's up?"
	 b'oh hey whats up!'
	 b'hey whats up girl??'

Hub:        938
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.03046216070652008
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha nice.'
	 b'HAHA nice.'
	 b'Hahah nice nice.'
	 b'Nice! Hahaha.'

Hub:        939
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10992118716239929
Sample Utterances:
	 b'nice I would say the beaches in Mexico.'
	 b'some place in the Caribbean, what about you?'
	 b'oooh. Ive never been to mexico. I want to go to the Bajas or the Cancun.'
	 b'yeah the beaches in new zealand are pretty nice i bet.'

Hub:        940
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12757933139801025
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah anxiety is the worst! I get anxiety from meeting new people sometimes.'
	 b"I would have to say.... ummm. yeah I don't know I am not good at this kind of stuff where you have to describe and talk about yourself. When I am put on the spot I get nervous. its weird and I hate it because I wish I didn't get like anxiety like that."
	 b'yeah me too. something that really gives me anxiety is public speaking. by the end of a testimony or a talk I have 2 massive tacos and my heart beat is going a million mlles an hour its super sucky.'
	 b"but I have never been diagnosed so I don't take it too seriously. My brother kind of has anxiety. but it is only at certain times and in certain places. so it isn't that simple."

Hub:        941
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14782844483852386
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh and I was super obsessed with legos.'
	 b'OH!!! Bottomless box of legos!! I love building things with Legos. Hahaha. What would you choose?'
	 b'hmm cool cool. I always mixed lego sets together and built my own stuff usually. Man I miss just letting my imagination loose with stuff and let it take me somewhere.'
	 b"I haven't! Sounds interesting though I should check them out. And I am more of a realistic gamer, not too into legos tbh."

Hub:        942
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0361039936542511
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Where would you want to go?'
	 b'where would you like to go?'
	 b'Where do you want to go?'
	 b'Right. Where would you go.'

Hub:        943
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0689212828874588
Sample Utterances:
	 b'have a good night!'
	 b'Have a great evening!'
	 b'Yeah! have a great night!'
	 b'Goodnight! Have a wonderful night.'

Hub:        944
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08211365342140198
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha thank you.'
	 b'haha thank you :).'
	 b'thanks hahaha. I am in IT. I know how to workkkk ittttttt.'
	 b'Haha, thank you so much! That just made my night! I study Human Development :).'

Hub:        945
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0
Sample Utterances:
	 b'No.'
	 b'no.'
	 b'NO.'
	 b'No?'

Hub:        946
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04771442711353302
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i am doing well. and you?'
	 b'hey im doing great you?'
	 b"I'm doing pretty good, you?"
	 b"I'm fantastic, you?"

Hub:        947
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14655134081840515
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Like thirty minutes from here!'
	 b'yeah yeah! Ok so you live like 25 minutes from there?'
	 b'Like 30 mins from the border down south.'
	 b'just a couple miles lol, far enough to be lost.'

Hub:        948
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08138197660446167
Sample Utterances:
	 b"My best friend knows pretty much everything about me. I don't have a lot to hide and am pretty open."
	 b"My best friend doesn't know that Im really cool. I hide it. I have 2 open."
	 b'My best friend knows everything. Not much to hide there haha.'
	 b'I think my best friend knows just about everything about me.'

Hub:        949
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17679166793823242
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's the worst! Haha, I'll bet that gets super annoying. I don't mind the weird no soul thing so much. I just make jokes about that joke now."
	 b'I think my friends make more Mormon jokes than asian ones. No, more like I just make all the jokes. Note: jokes = extreme sarcasm.'
	 b"Are you sick and tired of people saying gingers don't have souls? Why do people say that anyways? My real name, which I won't disclose, leads to some issues as well. I swear I've heard a million dumb jokes about it. but there are only five jokes. so i hear them 1000000/5 times each."
	 b"I frequently had to help bath elderly people which actually didn't bother me as much as i thought it would. which is the scary thing XD. and funny is just the jokes that people make when you're doing things in the hospital. it's just entertainng."

Hub:        950
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09518212080001831
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah! and I am so happy to be going to BYU! It has been a dream of mine for a long time.'
	 b'Me too! Yeah BYU is extremely cheap haha. Byu has been my dream school too.'
	 b'I knew nothing could top that as soon as I got into BYU lol.'
	 b'Hopefully :). Yes, I am excited to come to BYU. I have waited a while to be able to go to college, so I am very excited.'

Hub:        951
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16808593273162842
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah. I think that companies have the potential to get way further than the government could ever get.'
	 b'yeah but the government doesnt. I would think that if they could express themselves things would come out that would force our hand.'
	 b'i am actually kind of glad we have economic competition that is willing to push the limits or perhaps legislators would get in the way and limits here in america would become. permanent road blocsk. blocks. a lot of people simply do no know what they are doing at all when it comes to technology. that is actually a big problem here in america. people keep developing things.'
	 b"Ohhh I see. Oh they don't have a stable government? I didnt know that either haha."

Hub:        952
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17215582728385925
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hmmm. I read about a chemical called mots-c once. It was supposed to cure diabetes but I haven\xe2\x80\x99t heard about it since. It was a compound produced by the mitochondria that refusk.'
	 b'Apparently cancerous cells can lose a gene that acts as a master switch flipping between types of cells. and then the cells decided to form the nearest organ which happened to turn out as a stomach. That is a good question. I was just reading about it.'
	 b'well i just read that scientists discovered a mini stomach in a lung tumor. how bizarre is that?'
	 b'oo that sounds cool. cure for diabetes would be nice.'

Hub:        953
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04804931581020355
Sample Utterances:
	 b'YESSSSS.'
	 b'Yesss.'
	 b'YESSSSSSSSS.'
	 b'DUDE yesssss.'

Hub:        954
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1547604501247406
Sample Utterances:
	 b'However the best kinds of bread out there (not for PB&Js) are herb breads.'
	 b'Mrgh, tooany choices! Extremely generalized: carbs. Slightly less: pasta and homemade bread. All food is good.'
	 b'Celery and raisins would be a lot more popular\xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'
	 b"I aggree with homemade jam, yes. I lived in Oregon up until last year and strawberry jam made with hood berries is absolutely divine. Hoods are specific to the northwest and they're super delicate and hard to manage but they are SO GOOD. Also, whole wheat bread or white?"

Hub:        955
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13625092804431915
Sample Utterances:
	 b'If I could only eat peanut butter for the rest of my life: crunchy. Currently in a normal world: smooth. Crunchy does not belong with jam.'
	 b'Hello! Peanut butter world sounds messy. I\xe2\x80\x99m not a fan. I like peanut butter, just not messes.'
	 b"I insist the best PB&J is made with CREEMY jif peanut butter and my grandma's homemade strawberry jam. With homemade bread evenly sliced."
	 b"Woah woah wait crunchy doesn't belong with jam?? What the heck?? this is heresy."

Hub:        956
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04382734000682831
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh me too.'
	 b'Oh me too!!'
	 b'Oh my gosh me too.'
	 b'true. me too.'

Hub:        957
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.20906022191047668
Sample Utterances:
	 b"or build up. there aren't any tall buildings in Provo and Utah in general unlesss you are in SLC. but still they dont build up much for some reason. I guess thats because its harder to build up and since we have a lot of land anyways we build out. duh  hahaha."
	 b'Thank you. My state is also very historic. So you will probably see pictures of old houses and churches.'
	 b'That is true. In the south we cant have basements.'
	 b"I just assumed you were speaking in dimensions higher than the city folk can perceive. projections of such complex matters into my limited vocabularly are bound to have some things missed in translation. But on that note, are there any large gatherings of hermits on an annual basis? I suppose that's what Comi-Con is."

Hub:        958
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12135182321071625
Sample Utterances:
	 b'They did? No way.'
	 b'HAhaha. They did.'
	 b'or did they...'
	 b'they checked out already huh? i dont blame them.'

Hub:        959
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11337576806545258
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah Im stoked.'
	 b"yeah i'm super stoked!"
	 b"Same here! I'm pumped."
	 b'Haha yeah. Im excited for them to make the next one with just him.'

Hub:        960
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14068306982517242
Sample Utterances:
	 b"my buddies and I were going to water balloon my buddy's twin and his girlfriend and they were at EFY at BYU. So loaded up our car with fat water balloons and we drove around. campus to see if we could find them but no luck so we just decided to water balloon the other kids around the creamery. Well a vigilante on a motorcycle started chasing us around and he called the cops on us and took his license plate. We got home with a ton of adrenaline and soon we got a call. from the police. and my mom was sooooo angry. because I was a minor they didn't do anything. we didnt even hit anyone because our aim sucked haha. anyway that was my stupid high school me haha."
	 b'my friends and I were driving around and threw water balloons at EFY kids back when we were in HS. lol.'
	 b"I never hit them ever but my friend hit a dude really good. and we got the middle finger. but anyway we went back to the campus area. and still could not find the twin brother. So we just started bombarding other EFY kids at the creamery. then a dark rider on the motorcycle pulled up next to us on the road. and told us to pull over. we were like heck no we aren't listening to you. but he kept chasing us and called the cops on us... we were minors at that time so we didnt get charged or anything."
	 b"I don't know haha. we were trying to find my friends twin because he went with his GF but we coulndt find them. so we just used our water balloons at other kids."

Hub:        961
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.039449542760849
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I actually don't know."
	 b"i don't know."
	 b'oh man! i don\xe2\x80\x99t know!'
	 b"I don't know a lot about it."

Hub:        962
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0
Sample Utterances:
	 b'wow!'
	 b'wow.'
	 b'Wow!'
	 b'wow...'

Hub:        963
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11253218352794647
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I tried cheerleading my freshman year bc I don\xe2\x80\x99t really play team sports, but it wasn\xe2\x80\x99t for me. I like to iceskate, ski, and swim though!'
	 b'Ive tried basketball and soccer. And i swim occasionally. I have also worn ice skates. Ive also dabbled in a little gymnastics, and according to my volleyball team, im unnaturally flexible sometimes.'
	 b'so fun haha i dont know why i didnt take any my first year. like volleyball and weightlifting and ballrom. ballroom. i am trying to do ballroom this next semester along with swim. and then volleyball winter semester. i havent swam for 3 years.'
	 b"Thats way awesome! I've tried playing volleyball before haha but it didn't go so well. Im not that good at it."

Hub:        964
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0896349847316742
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Other than academic classes, do you have any classes you plan on taking?'
	 b'when i was planning my classes. what other classes are you taking.'
	 b'what kinds of classes are there?'
	 b'Im hoping I can do it.  It sure is quieter around BYU when the majority of the school is gone. I am taking a music class.  And a weights class.  And a math class. I like all three of those.  Weird combination.  Right? How about you.  What classes do you like?'

Hub:        965
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.027879834175109863
Sample Utterances:
	 b"that's cool."
	 b"That's cool."
	 b'Thats cool.'
	 b'no way! thats cool.'

Hub:        966
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1620236188173294
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh nice. I'm from SLC Utah."
	 b"I love that too! i came from outside of utah and it's been really weird but nice."
	 b'I am from here. Provo....'
	 b"That's really cool. You have a good market for that here in Utah."

Hub:        967
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07395856082439423
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Nice, where are you from?'
	 b'Nice. Where are you from?'
	 b"I'm from utah county where are you from? Thats super cool!"
	 b'what city are you going to?'

Hub:        968
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16852352023124695
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am trying to talk to natalie. :(.'
	 b'Ive met some annoying people and your doing fine Natalie.'
	 b'No freaking way. Tell Brooke I say hi.'
	 b'When I win I will turn and I will say I would like to think Natalie for all of the hard work and support she gave me and helping me chat and win and then I will give you like. The headphones.'

Hub:        969
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05966939032077789
Sample Utterances:
	 b"You're right."
	 b"Oh yeah you're right."
	 b"You know, I think you're right."
	 b'you were right there.'

Hub:        970
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08942390978336334
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Dont even get me started on Marvel Movies man.'
	 b'I love marvel movies.'
	 b'It depends on how big of a marvel fan you are- have you seen all the other movies?'
	 b"Also haven't seen xmen... haha I'm not much of a movie watcher."

Hub:        971
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15962520241737366
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I've practically written a book the size of the Book of Mormon. The book of Jaezo if you wanna call it that."
	 b'"Ye hear of wars in far countries . . . but ye know not the hearts of men in your own land.". I can\'t find the scriptures right now in the Book of Mormon.'
	 b'All sorts of things: Book of Mormon, Eternal Families, Marketing, Accounting. All the fun.'
	 b'Ask it to read a book of holy scripture and pray to know if it is true. And see what happens.'

Hub:        972
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17358854413032532
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Size 12 Arial font with single spacing and all of my chats together would be just around 400 pages. So if you include like page breaks, line spacing, and all the white spacing.'
	 b'Sometimes your text boxes as you type fill up the whole page but they usually disappear to just show one copy. Anyways, yeah no, also not a math girl.'
	 b"Visual basic. It's a programming in excel. So you can create macros which basically go through and manipulate the data for you at a push of a button. So if you had a spreadsheet full of names for example, and each line had Last Name, First Name. You could make a program that would go through each name and delete every comma. Instead of you having to go through each individual line. It's really helpful with big data sets."
	 b"Also you're allowed to have notes obviously during them, so I would copy and paste a ton of the artwork from an artist onto google next to their name, and then I could look to."

Hub:        973
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.20186331868171692
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I mean South Korea and USA are like best friends and soon to be North Korea so maybe I'll be a US citizen in no time."
	 b'hahaha. I think the North Koreans were really a threat to the US but only to the countries that are very close to them.'
	 b'if not I have to do military service for Korea and I really dont want to go back to the Hankook ya know?'
	 b'Hi there. Maybe. There is the robot Sophia that got citizenship in Saudi Arabia. So maybe it will happen.'

Hub:        974
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1053052693605423
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Turns out they are 100% pure strains of the long lost Lahontan Cutthroat that was considered extince. extinct*. So they caught a bunch of these tiny fish in the creek and raised lots in a hatchery and now 30 years later they are no longer extinct and there are millions of them once. again in Pyramid Lake nevada.'
	 b'Out in Pyramid Lake they will fish for them in the Spring them and catch them really close to the shore while they are spawning (aka making babies).'
	 b"They are native to Pyramid lake in Nevada and back in the 1970's they were considered extinct."
	 b'But in the 80. 80\'s* there was some guy fishing in these mountaisn about 20 miles north of Wendover in a small creek where he caught a cutthroat trout that was like 5" long and looked. different than the other oens that he had caught in Utah. So he called some of the wildlife biologists up and they caught a few samples and did genetic testing on them.'

Hub:        975
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1645158976316452
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah man fly fishing is like my crack now.'
	 b'Ya... i love sailing and fishing...'
	 b'thats wuierd, i just like fishing. on video games of cources.'
	 b'Quite the humor. Fly fishing addiction is real.'

Hub:        976
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1187945008277893
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm just also doing homework and stuff."
	 b"yeah I'm tired too- I have to do probably a half hour more of homework though."
	 b'Yeah, and just studying and stuff.'
	 b"Cause the school years almost over and I'm exhausted. Doing nothing seems kinda boring. Hope its fun chilling."

Hub:        977
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1538529247045517
Sample Utterances:
	 b'In march I went to Lake Powel with this guy I had just met in January and we went Jeeping, repelling, and surfing, and I met his parents. Im just left home for college in.. January so Im newly on my own. It was way fun.'
	 b'I went to Lake Powell with a group of kids I had just met the previous month and I went surfing on the lake and repelling in slot canyons and I had never done that before. Im going to have a conversation with myself to get point now. Wow thats really cool I would never do that. yeah it was so much fun and before I came out to utah I would never go on a trip with people I had just met because I was super shy. Did you have any interest in the people you went with? Yeah so I went with 3 boys and one other girl and one of the boys I liked alot and had just told him I had feelings for him. I was hoping something would happen between us on. the trip but unfortunately nothing did. Even though he told me he liked me too. Aw Im sorry. It sucks when you have hopes for something but it never happens. well this is dumb goodbye now.'
	 b'I had a boyfriend from Colorado, so we went to visit his family.'
	 b'My dad served in the Philippines and he sometimes finds random people in stores and stuff to speak Tagalog with its pretty cool, but idk how he still remembers it haha. Um I mean just hanging out with friends. But next weekend I have a beach trip planned!'

Hub:        978
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10664509236812592
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I used to do that when I played a lot of MMO games when I was younger.'
	 b'i used to play alot of MMOs. then to League. then to Fortnite.'
	 b'so that is pretty cool. dude i use to play this game called runescape.  i am sure that if you play blackdesert onling you ahve at least heard of it. it is like one of the original mmo. i remeber i use to jst sit there a cut wood for hours. i was a real og grinder from back in the day whe i was in 6th grade. i really knew how to do it. i knew the gamer lifestyle and i owned it. i should so many of my friends how the gamer life was really and i introduced them to a whole new qworld that we all got really into. \\. and we were able to spend alot of time on these type of games just killing other guys that were not as strong as us but in the end i was always the strongest and no one could.'
	 b'I know right? so cool. thats why I love playing MMO video games.'

Hub:        979
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07563313841819763
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well yes.'
	 b'Well, yeah.'
	 b'not quite.'
	 b'sometimes yes.'

Hub:        980
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1224910169839859
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i think we can talk about anything?'
	 b'yeah but we can talk about it more.'
	 b'Wow that is a very specific I mean I suppose we could talk about anything and everything but it would take a while.'
	 b'WE MUST DISCUSS.'

Hub:        981
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13941356539726257
Sample Utterances:
	 b'after your dad huh?'
	 b'good for your dad. did he always want to do businuess or did he start from somewhere else?'
	 b'did you ever want to follow your dad and bean accounttant?'
	 b'I am proud of your dad. I could learn from him.'

Hub:        982
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1572892963886261
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I think for the first year I want to try BYU housing simply because I am extremely introverted and without forced interaction. I just won't. but after that I think that sounds like something I would do."
	 b'Yeah! me too! Honestly, my main goal is just getting to know people, and then I can have sorta friends (except you. You are an actual friend now) when I get to BYU.'
	 b'That is true.  I found that BYU life has so much potential.  I could be full time without any classes. I need to take a restroom break but will be right  back.  Please dont hang up.'
	 b"Yeah I mentioned like I don't want to do homeschool and things. You don't want it to go anywhere why? You haven't met him right?"

Hub:        983
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11058434844017029
Sample Utterances:
	 b'well let me ask you more questions then.'
	 b'Okay now you have to answer.'
	 b'Yeah. Your turn to determine topic.'
	 b'I do but you should ask me questions. so I can answers you specifically.'

Hub:        984
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1038554459810257
Sample Utterances:
	 b'aww.... but it is a required class to take?'
	 b'that it was a required class for me.'
	 b'But I took a few classes.'
	 b'The final? Or just something else, Im in that class too.'

Hub:        985
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05010579526424408
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't think so."
	 b'I dont think so!'
	 b'No I dont believe so.'
	 b"I don't think it is."

Hub:        986
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13002467155456543
Sample Utterances:
	 b'How would you do that though?'
	 b'How would be do that?'
	 b'What would you do in that case?'
	 b'yeah thats interesting. i wonder what i would do in the position.'

Hub:        987
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04886391758918762
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I've heard of it but I don't know what that is."
	 b"I haven't ever heard of that haha. What is it."
	 b"what's that? I haven't heard of that one."
	 b'I actually have no idea what that is.'

Hub:        988
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11060085892677307
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hmmm. first what are you interested in?'
	 b'Yeah thats true! What about you? What are you interested in??'
	 b"That's cool.  So what would you want right now?"
	 b'And what trade might that be.'

Hub:        989
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05755546689033508
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hmm.'
	 b'Hmm.'
	 b'huh. huh.'
	 b'hmmm. US.'

Hub:        990
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04221251606941223
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh gotcha.'
	 b'ok gotcha.'
	 b'oh ok gotcha. go on.'
	 b'Ohhhhhhh. Gotcha.'

Hub:        991
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15118125081062317
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha. how do you pronounce it?'
	 b'its pronounce like the letter J.'
	 b"Hahah I have literally never heard of that! Maybe I'm just not pronouncing it in my mind correctly?"
	 b"How do you miss pronounced a name of a main character when it's right there in a TV show?!?"

Hub:        992
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08939719200134277
Sample Utterances:
	 b'no what is that?'
	 b'No? What is that?'
	 b"No what's that?"
	 b'No. What are the originals then?'

Hub:        993
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13090673089027405
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So you do a bit of photography as well?'
	 b'That is way cool. Yeah I do a lot of photography.'
	 b'No way! What kind of photography?'
	 b'Holy Smokes!! That is a true HP fan right thur. Do you like instagram? Do you *use instagram?'

Hub:        994
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12252271175384521
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am doing really well. Just got in for the night so thats always good.'
	 b"I'm doing good. Just hanging out. I went out with a friend and now am home! I was planning on it. Now I'm not quite as sure. Are you?"
	 b'Yeah we are having a family dinner then heading out tonight.'
	 b'That sounds like a good night haha. I just got back from watching a ballroom concert.'

Hub:        995
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07565782964229584
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah, I am just getting started at college, this is my first semester. But next fall I start the program classes.'
	 b'Thats a ways away.... haha this is my first semester. so i am still figuring things out.'
	 b"that's something i'm actually trying to figure out lol. i'm taking a class this summer at my local community college,  but i'm trying to decide what to take."
	 b'I figured I would just keep taking classes towards my degree and see if I could finish sooner.'

Hub:        996
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06391480565071106
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well, yikes.'
	 b'Oh... Yikes.'
	 b'Yeesh.'
	 b'that scaryyyyy. that totally happens.'

Hub:        997
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.22507911920547485
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I feel really skeptical to this groups and non profits because I don't know where the moeny is going exactly."
	 b'exactly! you don\'t know who\'s pocketing your money and how much actually goes into the cause. like "research" groups sketch me out SO much. because who\'s really holding them to releasing true information. like what if they\'re witholding things to get more money yknow.'
	 b"I can't say the city, but it's macro-financial modeling. So how does financial regulation effect the macroeconomy."
	 b'so what does this company do again?'

Hub:        998
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.00510813295841217
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hello how are you?'
	 b'Hello! How are you?'
	 b'hello. how are you.'
	 b'Hi there how are you?'

Hub:        999
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1277061253786087
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thanks! and good luck!'
	 b'Wow good luck to you too.'
	 b"Oof, good luck on the quiz, you're gonna kill it! And thanks you too! Have a great night."
	 b'Hey thanks! Good luck with your designing!'

Hub:        1000
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1330338716506958
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha unfortunately I\xe2\x80\x99m on the waiting list so I\xe2\x80\x99ll probably be looking at off campus housing ). *(:. Which I\xe2\x80\x99m okay with, not everyone can fit on to on campus housing and I\xe2\x80\x99m ok with being off campus, I\xe2\x80\x99ll still get to do all of the social stuff that I\xe2\x80\x99ve been looking forward. To.'
	 b'Lucky! I tried to get into Heritage, but all of the rooms were full by my housing date. So I have an apartment off campus.'
	 b"I think that their on-campus housing is a lot nicer than a lot of other universities, so I'm looking forward to it!"
	 b'That also sounfs like heaven, to not be so crowded. Im gonna have 5 roommates. Thats gonna be great!'

Hub:        1001
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16327817738056183
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh like boba! have you ever had boba?? soo gross.'
	 b'ooooo I love me some boba bro.'
	 b"we also need to make boba here because there isn't a good place for boba."
	 b'Yeah it is super chewy and unpleasant. Did you like it.'

Hub:        1002
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16161583364009857
Sample Utterances:
	 b'see i have a jeep liberty but no sun roof haha.'
	 b'I could have used that for my jeep 2 weeks ago.'
	 b'Yeah mine had a sun roof, that my passenger would stand through.'
	 b'ahh gotcha haha mines green too so if you see a green jeep liberty with some paw prints stickers and a byu sticker it\xe2\x80\x99s me haha.'

Hub:        1003
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18232764303684235
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Do you want to be a diplomat?'
	 b'Can you imagine being a diplomat?'
	 b'Yeah, maybe try to get better foreign relations.'
	 b'nice! are you going for a security emphasis?'

Hub:        1004
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10681977868080139
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It would be fun!'
	 b'It would be fun?'
	 b'That would be so much fun!!!'
	 b'i would be terrible atttt playing spors.'

Hub:        1005
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14037492871284485
Sample Utterances:
	 b"No. I wouldn't want to be one. I have a friend who wants to though."
	 b'No, im not making as much as i would like, and yeah i do.'
	 b"You are by far the person I know best though. And yeah, I could, but I don't want to."
	 b'Nope i have not, my friend keeps trying to get me to though.'

Hub:        1006
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18811118602752686
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think we would probably have a way bigger issue with animal abuse and animal rights. and there might be a couple of civil wars fought for the freedom of pets. There would probably be religions that would begin accepting pets.'
	 b"Haha yeah I was looking up piccolo instruments. Like piccolo saxaphones and french horns. Its really distracting they're very cute and small. Haha yeah I think we would definitely have to give them citizenship and rights and like everyone would be vegan. But I don't know if they would have the same intellectual level as us, cause pigs are like the same brain level as a 5 year old or something. But I guess people, without any school or communication with other people are pretty underdeveloped as well. Maybe pigs have all this intellectual potential that we're just. not tapping into haha. I know that in some countries performing surgical procedures on octopi is illegal without anesthetics because they're so intelligent, so we could have intellectual discussions. with them at least. Oh and if they were granted citizenship we'd have to make schools for animals and they'd be severely handicapped because most animals can't grasp things with their hooves/. tentacles/fins. I bet there would be a lot of discrimination. Probably a race war and a lot of conflict over the issue. Ok I don't want pets to talk I've thought it out and it would stink. Haha that was probably a little overwhelming you still there?"
	 b'A lot of animals too choose from and unlimited lives to do it.'
	 b'Yeah or even more. My dog probably has a view on religion and politics. She is probably an animal rights activist.'

Hub:        1007
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16334779560565948
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I started picking up fly fishing a little over a year ago. I realized that I played way too many video games and I needed and outdoors hobby. My coworker always said he thought that I'd love fly fishing. Then one of my friends invited me one day out of the blue so it was kind of a coincidence that he asked me and I went with him and absolutely loved it. I have fished a little bit growing up with friends and stuff but fly fishing was like a lot more focused on being tactical and really tricking the fish into thinking the fly. that you are casting is a real bug and they eat it. It fits in perfectly with my addictive personality and ever since I've just loved it a ton and have really really gotten. into it and now if I'm not at work or school I'm pretty much always fly fishing on the provo river up the canyon or somewhere in town around campus. Theres actually a pretty cool thing that happened last week when I was fishing up at Hobble Creek with a friend. There was this Brown Trout rising to some flies like 10 feet. in front of me by this thicket of branches and I did whats called a bow and arrow cast through a tiny hole in the branches to get my dry fly to land a few feet upstream from. where he was feeding at."
	 b'the tapered leader and you can keep this part of a tight line that extend from the tip of your extrememly sensitive rod down to the bottom of the river. You try to keep it above water or else you are doing it wrong. Also by using barbless hooks and proper catch and release techniques. i remember win i was younger i use to fish a ton. i would get my tackle box and just run down to the creek with my dogs and just chill down there and catch small mouth bass an. catch little blue gil. i remember one time i was fishing and i caught a fish but a otter started to attack my fish that was on  the line. he didnt end up getting it but i saw him hit it. i was still able to reel it in though. i dont eat fish though so i just threw it right back in. m. my favorite type of fish to catch is large mouth bass. i love fishing for them because they give a pretty good fight but fishing for them is pretty chill.'
	 b"Theyre super cool fish! theyre one of my bucket list fishes to get down in teh amazon on a fly rod. Those and golden dorados are like the baddest fish down in the amazon rainforest. And my friend speaks Portuguese fluently so we could totally go to brazil and fish down there haha. He's got me hooked up with some houses and places to stay down there cause he served half of his mission in the middle of the forest in the amazon. he legit taught some native people that were indigenous and like loincloth lamanites and whatnot."
	 b"the bug flowed right into his lane of the river and he rose to it and I was able to snag him and my friend got it all on video. It was pretty much the coolest thing that I've."

Hub:        1008
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16085737943649292
Sample Utterances:
	 b'what??? you like to paint huh?'
	 b'for everything. But real talk i love painting.'
	 b'is it gonna be more like painting stuff or retiling or?'
	 b'Like hes an "artist".'

Hub:        1009
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0923110693693161
Sample Utterances:
	 b'sure haha.'
	 b'Haha sure.'
	 b'Sure we using both haha?'
	 b'yeah man. lol i gotta go.'

Hub:        1010
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10399994254112244
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well, I love all of the Avengers movies. Last week I saw Avengers Infinity War. It was so awesome! What about you?'
	 b'haha either way I appreciate it. Are you excited for Avengers Infinity Wars to come out? Or marvel, I forget what it is. I love marvel movies in general,  I am not super invested in them. But I really enjoy them.'
	 b"AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR. YUSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSss. sorry, I'm hardcore marvel fan XD."
	 b"Yes! I am not usually into movies but I'm excited for Infinity Wars! Good night!"

Hub:        1011
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04308931529521942
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I will!!!'
	 b'Ok I will.'
	 b'I think I will.'
	 b'Will do.'

Hub:        1012
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10201261937618256
Sample Utterances:
	 b'that sounds delicious. I need some dinner right about now.'
	 b"It sounds amazing! Now I'm hungry."
	 b'Oh that sounds delicious. Can I come over for dinner? Hahaha just kidding.'
	 b'oh nice. i need to heat up my lunch. brb.'

Hub:        1013
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.026465415954589844
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Okay, I am back!!!'
	 b'ok i am back.'
	 b"Ok I'm back."
	 b'Okay! Ill be here.'

Hub:        1014
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0998510867357254
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ok thanks for chatting!!! ill be here.'
	 b'ok thanks for chatting! cya!'
	 b'Welp, class is over, so imma head out. Thanks for chatting.'
	 b'ok no worries. hope to chat with you again soon12.'

Hub:        1015
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08751805126667023
Sample Utterances:
	 b'where are you moving from?'
	 b'Where are you living in the fall?'
	 b'got you. what place are you living at when you get here?'
	 b'Wait where are you moving again?'

Hub:        1016
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1476275771856308
Sample Utterances:
	 b"So, it's gonna be good for them."
	 b'So they will tear that all down?'
	 b'so no worries then. all will be good.'
	 b'I mean, it could positively affect them too.'

Hub:        1017
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05807143449783325
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah I bet!'
	 b'yeah I bet.'
	 b'Mhmm. I bet.'
	 b'I bet so for sure! Oh really?'

Hub:        1018
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11845439672470093
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh that is awesome! Is your family excited about the move?'
	 b"That's exciting, I love visiting family :)."
	 b'haha thats way awesome! Are you nervous at all to be so far away from home?'
	 b"That's super neat. Have you been able to spend much time with your family? My husband got back in August (a few years ago haha) and started school 4 days later, so I kinda. understand."

Hub:        1019
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1740487515926361
Sample Utterances:
	 b'My dad got a new job.'
	 b'My brother is going to work there!'
	 b'Funny you should ask that.  we\xe2\x80\x99re moving the end of this month. But, for my dads job change.'
	 b'My modern day hero is my Dad.'

Hub:        1020
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.136447936296463
Sample Utterances:
	 b'And if I don\xe2\x80\x99t I get an iPad. So not a big deal.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99d be OK with it too but I don\xe2\x80\x99t really want an iPad. I\xe2\x80\x99m not really good at using them for school.'
	 b'it better pay off for me hahaha. The amount of time I put in for this does not deserve an Ipad....'
	 b'This is true. But I am grateful for phones and computers.'

Hub:        1021
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14042498171329498
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha. I think the North Koreans were really a threat to the US but only to the countries that are very close to them.'
	 b"I mean South Korea and USA are like best friends and soon to be North Korea so maybe I'll be a US citizen in no time."
	 b"Cause people in S Korea are all well off and 1st world where people in the north live in super poverty and they cant just mix the two countries and cultures super easy. I'm not sure whats going to happen. My mom has been talking to her family in Korea and they're excited but also dont think that very much will change for a long time because. Nobody in the south wants the norks to come down because they still kind of hate them and are racist towards them. They dont want to have to pay for all them to get out of poverty. And its not like you're just going to end the communist regime in North Korea over night. Maybe they will take the guards off of teh DMZ and possibly open some travel back up to North Korea but other than that I doubt that anything serious is going to happen. anytime soon."
	 b'ya and there was a huge thing in north korea recently right?'

Hub:        1022
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.21974825859069824
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think that the pressure he put on helped. he was the only one that had the balls enough to threathen North Korea.'
	 b'Yeah true. Trump is being considered the Nobel Peace Prize because he was credited on stopping the korean war.'
	 b'Do you think that\xe2\x80\x99ll the pressure he put on north Korea\xe2\x80\x99s economy really did the trick? No. I do have three windows open though.'
	 b'Oh noooo was that the one where he gave a rant like Stalin?'

Hub:        1023
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12318713963031769
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Let\xe2\x80\x99s just use this one.'
	 b'Like this one, kind of.'
	 b'Does this count?'
	 b'how about you go first on this one.'

Hub:        1024
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.056634604930877686
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ahh have you had dinner yet?'
	 b'Have you had dinner yet?'
	 b'Haha so you had dinner yet?'
	 b'back now. have you eaten lunch?'

Hub:        1025
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12706899642944336
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Not for my major :( for acting and theatre ed it is though.'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s Theatre Arts Studies with an emphasis in dramaturgy.'
	 b'Well, I\xe2\x80\x99m a theatre major, I look at all of the classes in the theatre department for fun. Next semester I\xe2\x80\x99m taking storytelling, also for fun.'
	 b'are you a theatre major then?'

Hub:        1026
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.005688145756721497
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey! How\xe2\x80\x99s it going?'
	 b"Hey, how's it going?"
	 b'hey hows it going.'
	 b'heyyy. hows it going!'

Hub:        1027
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1313868761062622
Sample Utterances:
	 b'How do I change my name? :).'
	 b"sorry, Im trying to change it, when I was creating the account my computer automatically added my full name and now I cant change it. it is so annoying, they don't have a settings here where we can change the information, do you know if they have. Oh sorry, YES, that is my middle name hahaha. Do you know if there is a way to edit out names here?"
	 b'does anyone here know how can I change my name on the chat, the computer add my full anem. *name. not that I care.'
	 b"I guess I'll have to change my name and move to a foreign country again."

Hub:        1028
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06516920030117035
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Hello! What's up? Hello. Are you there?"
	 b'whats up. hello?'
	 b'hey. hello. are you there. hello friend.'
	 b'Haha hello. Whats up. Are you there?'

Hub:        1029
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18474355340003967
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I always thought Wall-E malfunctioned somehow when he was left on earth and the malfunction made him alive.'
	 b'Its a great movie... What did you think when Leia force flew into the starship and then remained in a coma inexplicably throughout the rest of the movie?'
	 b'What made Wall-E alive?'
	 b'He kind of deserved it, but also he couldn\xe2\x80\x99t prevent Frankenstein\xe2\x80\x99s companion from being able to reproduce.'

Hub:        1030
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: -2.9802322387695312e-08
Sample Utterances:
	 b'lol. :))).'
	 b'Lol.'
	 b'lol.'
	 b'LOL.'

Hub:        1031
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14935347437858582
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Bow down to the queen.'
	 b"It's the queen of spades you gotta look out for."
	 b"DECEASED, you're a queen."
	 b'Hear hear. A hundred. B/c she gives everyone a hundred.'

Hub:        1032
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1063113659620285
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Definitely Infinity War.'
	 b'infinity war or hatchi.'
	 b'Infinity War! What about you?'
	 b'Pff! Aka. Infinity war hahaha.'

Hub:        1033
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06829240918159485
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah... you:. ?'
	 b'yeah. you?'
	 b'YES. yours?'
	 b'Mhm. I am. Ooh ooh.'

Hub:        1034
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16785405576229095
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Uhhh chick fil a?'
	 b"I like free sandwich day at Chick-fil-A. That's my favorite charity I think."
	 b'Yeah. I feel like other schools would be like $5 gift card to chick fil a!'
	 b"man, you've got to hookups bro... I'm sure you alone can sustain the chick fil a industry."

Hub:        1035
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16359958052635193
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah, they're pretty tasty! I usually get their polish dog loaded with saurkraut, peppers, and their special sauce. And's it's reletively cheap for the money-minded person."
	 b'and on top it has chicken and mozarella sticks chopped into bite size pieces. and tossed with a little buffalo sauce. so a little spicy. but it tastes absolutely AMAZING!'
	 b"Another episode that I thought was bizarre was the hot dog one. The cheapest hot dog was like two dollars or something and it was a standard hot dog. The most expensive hot dog was massive. I swear it was like 2 feet long. Not only that but it had truffles on it. I'm not sure how truffles taste but people who have tried it say it smells stinky and the taste is strong."
	 b'plus they let us take home the bottles of cilantro ranch if we wanted to so that was a plus haha.'

Hub:        1036
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0979812890291214
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm not sure... maybe?"
	 b'yeah maybe no idea.'
	 b"I'm not sure... i guess it depends."
	 b"I think it's both depending who im thinking about."

Hub:        1037
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13417227566242218
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah i am always so clueless. hello? Hey how are you?'
	 b'Why hello!!! Nice to talk to you again!! How are you???'
	 b'How did you even figure that out? "Oh, yup! You\'re that one friend I never talk to. Hello!".'
	 b"Haha, that's funny. What made you want to run away? Hello?"

Hub:        1038
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10840561985969543
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Me too! I was just about to say Jarvis. I love Iron Man! He is! I love marvel movies.'
	 b'yeah I love marvel! I think every since I saw Iron Man I became a huge fan.'
	 b'definitely jarvis hands down. i love marvel movies. plus HAL is real creepy.'
	 b"That's cool! I think Robert Downy Jr. is hilarious! Haha, that's great! I love him as iron man."

Hub:        1039
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13758599758148193
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That sounds great! I love the sociology class I took. I am thinking about something with linguistics, or teaching? Spanish teaching specifically. It's a stressful decision, haha."
	 b"It's super fun, right? I loved my teacher too. I love learning about culture too, so spanish was great for that."
	 b"That sounds super interesting though. I'm not quite sure but I'm thinking maybe a foreign language teacher."
	 b'I love talking about languages as well, and all the stories. But only when grades and GPAs are not involved haha.'

Hub:        1040
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18086868524551392
Sample Utterances:
	 b'for everything. But real talk i love painting.'
	 b'what??? you like to paint huh?'
	 b"That life isn't so bad after all. She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels."
	 b'hahaha. i love Bob Ross!'

Hub:        1041
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19036921858787537
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I agree. Who would govern? I feel like it might unite the earth more as one group instead of so many different countries and cultures. Just united in the fact that were form this planet.'
	 b'Another interesting aspect. Do you think we would be kind and adaptive or imperialistic and oppressive?'
	 b'yeah cause if you did art then you could change peoples persepective on the world but with the mathamatician thing you could expand the way we think of the universe.'
	 b"I feel like it won't be the US (just because of how dominate we're on Earth and other countries being tired of it) and than some other group will appear. probably united like you said."

Hub:        1042
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.01878674328327179
Sample Utterances:
	 b'sorry.'
	 b'Sorry.'
	 b"sorry '."
	 b'sorry about that!!!'

Hub:        1043
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06557328999042511
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh my goodness. that is terrible.'
	 b'that is terrible.'
	 b'AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. NOOOOOOO. Oh my gosh. That is terrible.'
	 b'Oh gosh. That for real sucks.'

Hub:        1044
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19527876377105713
Sample Utterances:
	 b'going off a jump and he cut his leg and bled to death. it was huge news.'
	 b'holy cow!!! how did he cut his leg?'
	 b"Hahahahaha, well he didn't die (he actually did break some ribs now that I think about it). But that's super funny and true."
	 b'It scabbed up pretty bad and he came to school and everyone saw it.'

Hub:        1045
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13760127127170563
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah they are expensive but you know what have you seen the lexus SUVs? or the new toyota SUVs? they are like 90 thousand dollars base model.'
	 b"Its like driving a 80's corolla with a milk crate for a seat vs driving a nice Porsche GTS Carrera."
	 b'I think those are the classiest SUVs.'
	 b'yeah. Well currently the tesla model 3 is great. Oh yeah. With a model three you save a lot of koney on gas and oil changes and what not. And it is subsidized by the government and can go huge distances. And oh yeah, I have seen flubbere.'

Hub:        1046
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1337093710899353
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Nice! I wish i had a dog but my mother i alergic or something. So as a kid we didn't have pets other than like lizards and stuf."
	 b'That is a fair trade. I am allergic to animals with fur, and so is my mom. My older sister is obsessed with animals, so when she was ten my mom finally let her get one. My dad. Grew up in a farm, so he was all for it. We had Teo bearded dragons. What is an ornithologist?'
	 b'I didnt. my moms neighbors had one as a pet.'
	 b'lol if I was a kid and had a pet I probably would have dressed them up too.'

Hub:        1047
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11725382506847382
Sample Utterances:
	 b'when she was about 6 months old i was going down to the creek by my house and i brought my two dogs. one was lot older and alot more street smart. she ran out in front of a. car put didnt get hit. but then my puppy was following her and she wasnt as fast and she was hit.'
	 b'i watched my 6 month old puppy get hit by a car. when she ran off the road her leg was barely attached and she was screaming.'
	 b"ya it was hahaha. so we stopped the car and everyone got out and went inside and I ran and chased after my cat because I loved to play with her and give her attention. she did not like me though because I gave her too much attention and so she was running away from me and eventually she ran under the car so of course I chased after her. she didn't run away from under the car so I got on my hands and knees and started crawling under the car and I fit. because I was only 4 years old. so I was really small."
	 b'And on this back road all of a sudden with a strong gust all of these baby quail blew out from the bush. They just tumbled accross the road and their mom ran after them. it was adorably funny.'

Hub:        1048
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18431954085826874
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so open a new one?'
	 b"There's a new one."
	 b'what you mean time to take it?'
	 b'An upgrade no doubt.'

Hub:        1049
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1142020970582962
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm actually not a big fan of instagram... I really hoped random people would see and like my photos and I would become famous, but no one ever seems to like my photos. Do you like instagram?"
	 b'Yes I like Instagram because lots of people like my photos.  I must be more popular than you.'
	 b"well, I was just hoping that new people who I'd never met before would like my photos and it seams to me that the instagram doesn't have a good way for people without a bunch of followers already to get noticed by new people. I think it would be fun to take the time to post a bunch of cool stuff, but I really tried to post amazing things and no one ever saw them."
	 b'How about how awesome Instagram is.'

Hub:        1050
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12414057552814484
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So are you a student right now? How many finals do you have left?'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m sorry:/  how many do you have this semester?'
	 b'Same here. So how many finals are you preparing for?'
	 b'Yep, I remember that. How many finals do you have?'

Hub:        1051
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16626709699630737
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are you married yet??'
	 b"So you aren't married? For some reason I thought you were."
	 b'hows your husband?'
	 b"so you don't mind if your hubby is shorter than you?"

Hub:        1052
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18104612827301025
Sample Utterances:
	 b'There\xe2\x80\x99s a complex algorithm they use. You can\xe2\x80\x99t just reverse the algorithm. They have no clue how many points are distributed among the different chats as far as I can tell. Maybe they do maybe I\xe2\x80\x99m wrong.'
	 b'i wonder how the score algorithm works. ? what did it say.'
	 b"Huh. I'm wondering who's going to be the first to find out how the point system works and write a bot."
	 b'a really big fancy thing that.... well generates numbers that read the same forwards as they do backwards. only mine generated only specific ones.'

Hub:        1053
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06700822710990906
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ah darn. See ya.'
	 b'ahhhh alright man. see ya.'
	 b'hahaha sorry. well im going to go now. see ya.'
	 b'ahhh ok. see you soon probably.'

Hub:        1054
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09431219100952148
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Woah what the heck.'
	 b'WHAT THE HECK?????????'
	 b'lol what the heck. how even.'
	 b'What is menchies? Uh oh?'

Hub:        1055
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.24173995852470398
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Like you walk forward and backward.'
	 b'Wait how do you walk?'
	 b'like in jumper?'
	 b'cause then you stop moving forward. My mom has a funny little sign that says "stop looking backwards. You\'re not going that way".'

Hub:        1056
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1313391774892807
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am in the top three.'
	 b"No I'm in the top 10."
	 b'Well I just named three. And we\xe2\x80\x99re all in the top three places.'
	 b'I feel like we are the only three on.'

Hub:        1057
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09537224471569061
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Like 3 minutes.'
	 b"Uh I'd say maybe 30 minutes. One time I waited 3 hours."
	 b'Yeah like 5 minutes.'
	 b'About three and half hours.'

Hub:        1058
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17290455102920532
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah I usually just tell me that they're the right person for someone, just not me."
	 b'Yeah. I guess if he\'s the right person I won\'t really care either way. It\'s funny because my mom or my friends or something will see a guy who\'s like, 6\' 8" and they\'re like aayy juliette go after that guy. And I\'m like nah that\'s intimidating.'
	 b'True Compatibility. I mean there are some people who can immediately tell that you won\xe2\x80\x99t get on with.'
	 b"Yeah but I'm a sucker for that needy stuff."

Hub:        1059
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10831369459629059
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What was it?'
	 b'what was it?'
	 b'What did it say.'
	 b'What play was it?'

Hub:        1060
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11228828132152557
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Not really, but I should be. I have super crappy knees so I'm not allowed to run and even biking hurts sometimes."
	 b'nah, the only exercise i get is riding my bike lol.'
	 b"Haha running is literally the worst. I have old person knees so I'm not allowed to run over a mile anyways."
	 b"WOOO. nice. OH yo my legs are so sore. I've been biking to school everyday and I bout die everytime."

Hub:        1061
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17920680344104767
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Treading water is in really that hard either. I mean I guess that\xe2\x80\x99s what you are supposed to do. Yeah actually I feel like it would be kind of lame. I would never go cliff jumping with a life jacket. Actually scratch that it might be kind of fun to do a couple of times. You a big swimmer?'
	 b'So are you telling me they would jump in after you because they were wearing lifejackets? That\xe2\x80\x99s hilarious you would think that one of them and take it off. I mean I can swim without a lifejacket it\xe2\x80\x99s really not that hard.'
	 b'Its a shame that this is how the boat had to go down. Sailing can sometimes be so scary and i dont think that all adventours.'
	 b"I'm more of a lazy river type you know? Just something simple where I can float down and relax. I can see the fun in doing that."

Hub:        1062
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17431285977363586
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Even in really deep water.'
	 b'So if that piece goes underwater, than i know a fish is on?'
	 b"So they're just bobbing around at the surface and I'm laughing underwater."
	 b'flood right?'

Hub:        1063
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13722994923591614
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I didn't think you could turn it off."
	 b"oh it doesn't let you."
	 b'Well seeing as you can just turn it back on... probably not.'
	 b'What do you mean you didn\xe2\x80\x99t know that was an option?'

Hub:        1064
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13435998558998108
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh did I? Sleep deprivation does weird things to the brain. But to be honest I took a short nap.'
	 b'Is it? It has happened before? My brain has a mechanism where i wake bake up when sleep \xe2\x80\x9cfeels\xe2\x80\x9d wrong. Unless i am absolutely dead. Because i havent slept for 2 days.'
	 b'Definitely still very much awake like I said I took a nap. Why are you feeling tired?'
	 b'I think the question was something like what have you said no to today.  I started by having a hard time remembering anything I said no to.  And that is part of my problem in. life. I did admit that I said no to the alarm clock that morning and slept in 30 minutes later.'

Hub:        1065
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10982012748718262
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah its a little creepy.'
	 b"yeah... that's kinda creepy."
	 b'Kind of creepy too.'
	 b"Yeah, and it is. It'll get really weird and sexual for no reason too."

Hub:        1066
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15663813054561615
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha some people are just super exuberant and it comes across as flirting.'
	 b'I find that interesting because I feel like a lot of people take kindness (courtesy) as flirting which gets misconstrued, especially from married women who are confident. and friendly because they no longer have the need to impress everyone all the time. Just my personal opinion.'
	 b'So that\xe2\x80\x99s why all these girls are flirting with me. Ha ha actually I\xe2\x80\x99m not sure if they\xe2\x80\x99re flirting with me. I know one in specific that we will probably go on a date.'
	 b'hahahaha. I love that. My good friend is super sarcastic and he is a smart alec so the combination of both can really have some mean jokes.'

Hub:        1067
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14964713156223297
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh yeah that\xe2\x80\x99s so sad I was talking to someone and I had a really good conversation going on with them and then I never matched up with them again. Think maybe they just ended it on me. Don\xe2\x80\x99t really have any other exclamation. Explanation. Just kind of never came back and I don\xe2\x80\x99t think they talked to anyone else. They are probably bored of me because I\xe2\x80\x99m a little lame. Just a little just enough to be bearable. Ha ha ha sorry am I cutting you off?'
	 b"Haha I was nervous it was the person I just ended the conversation. its always awkward when I say I've gotta go and then I start up another conversation with them. Major yikes. You still there? Yeah I don't think computers can fall in love. But I don't know what it feels like so beats me. Dude are you still alive. Ok I'm not seeing anything if you are responding so I'm just going to end the chat sorry."
	 b'hahah none of them, i like where i am now. bye. hello. no. sucks. im alone. respond. this stinks. bye!'
	 b"Some people are either really slow to respond, aren't interested in similar things, or just never have interesting responses. Well it has been going for over a week now I believe. Yeah I think just over a week,."

Hub:        1068
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09013347327709198
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Totally hahaha. Well, I have to go now. Good luck on your chatting :D.'
	 b'Well! it was super nice talking to you Tristen, but I have work in like 15 mins. Good luck with the prize thing haha.'
	 b"gotcha, it's been good. super good cause i didn't have to work XD how about you?"
	 b'good, im glad you need it. just let me know when you get back on. there doesnt seem to be anyone else on the chat right now so ill wait for you.'

Hub:        1069
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17063866555690765
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It turned out I\xe2\x80\x99m really good at it. Over 100% in the class. I think it\xe2\x80\x99s the way I think. I am good at processes. And instructions. I can be really really specific if I need to be.'
	 b"Haha I would make juggling lessons mandatory. It's so hard to juggle and I'm learning right now and it's just really difficult. I mean, I practiced for 30 minutes today, and it was really strenuous."
	 b'Yeah I am into math. Well I guess I am good at it. I feel like if I work at it I can make a difference in the world.'
	 b"let's say that you have to give a presentation or a speech, you practice in your mind. you imagine yourself delivering the speech to someone. that's a good way to practice, learn, and memorize."

Hub:        1070
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1126060038805008
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So are you going to be at microsoft for the whole summer?'
	 b'Do you eventually want to work for Microsoft.'
	 b'i bet you just want to be at microsoft right now. you sick of waiting?'
	 b'Oh. Are you going to school there or is that home? Oh wait. NO. It is a Microsoft internship. I remember now. Well that should be interesting.'

Hub:        1071
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.23625223338603973
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Of is there one jammed in there that just circulates air on the inside?'
	 b'yeah so basically there is an air leak. in the lung. and it deflates.'
	 b'I believe the opening is in the back of the screen.'
	 b'Did you need flashlights or were there any installed inside?'

Hub:        1072
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11935156583786011
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha I do my best to be not lame.'
	 b"I know. I'm lame like that haha."
	 b'haha. im not a good multitasker.'
	 b"I don't usually do crazy things, I'm boring hahaha."

Hub:        1073
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12580859661102295
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm blonde but I'm more on the tan side so its good. haha yeah XD."
	 b'I have dark hair but I need to be a little more tan\xf0\x9f\x98\x82. Both would not be so fun.'
	 b'Haha why thank you, I think blondes are fun too. Although my best friend has very dark hair and she is crazy too XD.'
	 b'Oh lol and my color: it honestly depends on the day lol.'

Hub:        1074
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15425747632980347
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So are you a fan of reading then? Or did you just read a lot of books in English class or literature class\xf0\x9f\x98\x82. Im Part of the latter.'
	 b'Nice. What kind of literature are you talking about?'
	 b'do you like literature?'
	 b'I was left wing or attacking mid. Soccer was life! You sound like a well-rounded student. Do you like to read?'

Hub:        1075
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07381734251976013
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh yes I'm so excited for it."
	 b'Oh I am so excited as well.'
	 b"I'M EVEN MORE EXCITED NOW!!!!!!"
	 b'Oh my gosh, yes! Lol, that makes me so excited haha.'

Hub:        1076
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16279971599578857
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i feel like that\xe2\x80\x99s super cheesy but it\xe2\x80\x99s so true haha what about you?'
	 b'yeah I like that. I think it describes you pretty good.'
	 b'It always reminds me how much I have, which is super cliche, but also incredibly true.'
	 b"Haha it kinda is. But it's also super cheesy."

Hub:        1077
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09844683110713959
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I maanaged a 4.0 at BYU.'
	 b'Getting into BYU.'
	 b'Spring term at BYU?'
	 b'i originally had 17 mapped out and decided it was too much\xf0\x9f\x98\x82 my minimum is 15 for my scholarship and it\xe2\x80\x99s what byu recommends sooo.'

Hub:        1078
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1487484574317932
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thanks for the advice! it helps alot!'
	 b"That's really helpful, thanks!"
	 b'okay good to know. any other advice?'
	 b"cool! Thanks. You're full of all kinds of great advice ;). No drugs is good."

Hub:        1079
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15596798062324524
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yes that is true. I will learn to do that one day. I am trying hard and I am learning to more align my will to what God wants in the church and I know that I will be more. happy that way.'
	 b'I just wish shws like this never had to end. its sad to know that after a while, all things come to an end.  Thats part of my reason why i love the gospel. Its never ending and there is so much it can do for the mind and body. I have been in the gospel my entire life and i cant begin to describe how important it is to me. This is more important than any show or anything. I have for a long time not lived the way had should have in highshool. But after years of messing up, i turned my life around and went on a mission. On my mission i learned so much about life and who a belief and standards to your life can improve it. Its what we do in our day to day and those principles we live by that can really affect us and help change us.'
	 b"ah. that's convenient. i wish i got that. i spent a lot of time praying and thinking about it, but i think heavenly father just gave me the go ahead to do whatever i want to d."
	 b'i agree. and maybe thats my problem. ive got the spirituality side down but the facts rules and words are a lot harder for me.'

Hub:        1080
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11973902583122253
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think one thing is that so much can go wrong under the ocean and the unknown of the ocean and the uncertainty terrifies me.'
	 b'hahaha. I would just travel as much as I can. Deep oceans are scary. out there just no end and blue.'
	 b'Yes I agree. theres more life. In the Ocean you have to go under water to see it and Im not a fan of drowning haha.'
	 b'Deep sea and the ocean kind of terrifies me, but right now I will do it for her.'

Hub:        1081
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17210400104522705
Sample Utterances:
	 b'breathing can be kind of scary because I sometimes involutarily breath through my nose and get water in when I know I need to breathe through the tube. I guess that just comes. with training. predators dont scare me I think it would be cool to see the marine animal life.'
	 b'That would be cool if you could breathe underwater. Sometimes scuba diving intimidates me because you have limited air to breathe.'
	 b'well the eye mask also goes over your nose. lol. you realize that right? plus they will train you in a non threatening environment aka a pool so youll be trained to breath right and prepare yourself for when you go deep. itll be so much fun. i think youll like it.'
	 b"like what exactly? like breathing? or predators?'."

Hub:        1082
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14565342664718628
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Nice, that would be fun. You seem pretty far down along the road of life haha, i am still just a freshman.'
	 b"Yeah I haven't really travelled a lot but hopefully I will someday. Are you an incoming freshman?"
	 b'that good. I remember when I was on the downhill stretch! It was so easy and fun and I was so excited to get out of highschool, but little did I know that life just gets more. challenging from there hahahah.'
	 b'Yeah that\xe2\x80\x99s understandable, that\xe2\x80\x99s super cool to be such a natural! I bet it\xe2\x80\x99ll carry over to college, who knows you might pick up rock climbing or something.'

Hub:        1083
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10898733139038086
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thank you. What are you doing for your internship?'
	 b'That is awesome. What are you doing for the internship.'
	 b"Oh cool! What's your internship?"
	 b"Yes, I a senior right now. I just have a couple of weeks left so I'm way excited. So at your job do you just explain glass to people? or is Corning a company?"

Hub:        1084
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09987212717533112
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I like humidity because I don't have to use lotion or lip balm all the time. Hahahaha. Brazil is humid in general."
	 b'ooh humidity. I like some humidity. Its good for my skin and I dont have to dump lotion on my body every time I take a shower.'
	 b'Oh my goodness, I totally agree! Even though I am used to the temperature and lack of humidity,  I always have to use lotion! I am also very fair skinned, so I have to. Wear sunscreen almost anytime I am outside. What is your favorite place ni Brazil?'
	 b'I miss that. Before coming here I never had to use lotion. Or lipbalm.'

Hub:        1085
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11962385475635529
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh my goodness, I totally agree! Even though I am used to the temperature and lack of humidity,  I always have to use lotion! I am also very fair skinned, so I have to. Wear sunscreen almost anytime I am outside. What is your favorite place ni Brazil?'
	 b"I like humidity because I don't have to use lotion or lip balm all the time. Hahahaha. Brazil is humid in general."
	 b"Yeah the weather in Cambodia is very nasty sometimes. It's always humid and so you're constantly sweating."
	 b'I would have to use so much sunscreen though.'

Hub:        1086
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13910210132598877
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I haven't. But the place I live has a little pond with two ducks. They had babies last year. They are so cute."
	 b'It is pretty decent size! If you love birds, it would be a good place to visit some day. They have birds from every where!'
	 b'Well, on a happier note, have you seen the baby ducks at the duck pond south of campus? They are sure a good reminder that there is a lot of good in the world!'
	 b'yes I have heard of an arampaima they have one at the aquarium.'

Hub:        1087
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10593172907829285
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ohh yes I should do that!!'
	 b'hmm i might have to..'
	 b'Ohh yes I have access to it then.'
	 b'oh, i used to do that.'

Hub:        1088
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1329186111688614
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ha ha yes one time I broke my ankle at a trampoline place and I learn my lesson and I haven\xe2\x80\x99t been back for a long time. Ha ha yes one time I broke my ankle at a trampoline place and I learn my lesson and I haven\xe2\x80\x99t been back for a long time. That\xe2\x80\x99s weird I meant to only say that once.'
	 b'yeah I am still dumb though. I broke my ankle rock climbing...'
	 b"No that would definitely be worse I have a lot of family with cancer too so I've got that coming too I did ballet for a long time and I was en pointe for like 3 years and all. my skiing and the way I walk just screwed them up."
	 b'Other day. I just went to dive and it stuck in the ground the wrong way i guess. No just kidding haha. ;) i have never broken a single bone in my body. I am not very good at lying lol. And for the record that was joking not lying.'

Hub:        1089
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16717271506786346
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Wow that is pretty crazy XD umm the craziest thing I've ever done is when I  jumped off the high dive at a swimming pool. I don't usually do very crazy things XD."
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s so funny I start with the prompt of saying what\xe2\x80\x99s the craziest thing you\xe2\x80\x99ve ever done and then I will say I jumped off a cliff. Usually if they\xe2\x80\x99ve never gone cliff jumping they think I\xe2\x80\x99m crazy. And that I tried to commit suicide or something. But nope I have definitely never tried to commit suicide disclaimer.'
	 b"Hmm, I haven't done anything too crazy. Haha I like to say I snuck into a Jonas Brothers concert when I was like 12 but that isn't really how it happened. Like cliff jumping, into a lake or something?"
	 b'They\xe2\x80\x99re going to run the eve sarcasm module based on the chat see you make. I went cliff jumping once and it was really fun but that\xe2\x80\x99s probably just about the craziest thing I\xe2\x80\x99ve ever done. Haven\xe2\x80\x99t really gotten a chance to do it since what\xe2\x80\x99s the craz. The craziest thing you have ever done.'

Hub:        1090
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1269332617521286
Sample Utterances:
	 b'mustard powder... interesting. I would never think to add a cream sauce to an egg salad sandwich.'
	 b'You make a basic white sauce and and put the eggs in. Yeah. Kind of but you put it on broked toast and sprinkle it with bacon and cheese.'
	 b"If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It's really not as bad as it sounds."
	 b'okay.. Is this like egg salad sandwiches?'

Hub:        1091
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14459910988807678
Sample Utterances:
	 b'W h a t. Lol. Fruit loops have a weird after taste.'
	 b'but those taste like nothing!!!! Fruit Loops hehehe. ew why did i do that.'
	 b'yeahhh that was probably my problem. i haven\xe2\x80\x99t had a grapefruit since i was like 10 though.'
	 b'w h a t. w h y. hahahaha its ok we all have differnet taste buds :)).'

Hub:        1092
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07904890179634094
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh and I'm an incoming freshman."
	 b"I'm an incoming freshman. you?"
	 b"I'm talking to an incoming Freshman right now and I'm SO glad I'm not a Freshman anymore haha."
	 b"Yes. Another freshman. I feel like I've met a lot of upperclassmen on here."

Hub:        1093
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11602972447872162
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I LOVE HIM.'
	 b'Right?! Love him.'
	 b'But he loves me!'
	 b'Tell him I miss him.'

Hub:        1094
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.172365203499794
Sample Utterances:
	 b'HES COMING ON TOUR TO MY HOME AND UTAH BUT LITERALLY CANT GO TO EITHER. so fumed. I wanna see him soo bad.'
	 b"ME TOO. My brother is seeing him in concert this summer. I'm so jealous."
	 b"Geeking*. Haha yeah it is. He's actually on a world tour right now. He doesn't come to the states until the summer though."
	 b'I wish I could go see Dear Evan Hansen \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d.'

Hub:        1095
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08715926110744476
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I feel you.'
	 b'i know! i feel the same way.'
	 b'yeah yeah i feel ya.'
	 b'i read your mind.'

Hub:        1096
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.041854530572891235
Sample Utterances:
	 b'really???'
	 b'really?!?'
	 b'woah really?'
	 b'Really? thats intrestin??'

Hub:        1097
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.157465398311615
Sample Utterances:
	 b'but those taste like nothing!!!! Fruit Loops hehehe. ew why did i do that.'
	 b'W h a t. Lol. Fruit loops have a weird after taste.'
	 b"Yeah that part stank. I was like, man I'm going to faint I haven't eaten enough today but I just couldn't. Ok I'm going to guess lemon. or rainbow sherbet. you seem fruity."
	 b'Hmmm possibly! Either way I feel like warm silvery liquid would be nastyyyyyy. It\xe2\x80\x99d probably taste like drinking warm pennies \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7. Do emojis work on here? Tbh I don\xe2\x80\x99t understand the point of this. It\xe2\x80\x99s for ~science~.'

Hub:        1098
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10722622275352478
Sample Utterances:
	 b'im sure some place in europe would be my fav place. hbu.'
	 b'All over Europe and australia. Are there any places you would like to visit?'
	 b'uhhh. I like to go to Seaside in Florida. but I would like to travel to europe.'
	 b'Japanese/Japan would be cool. I think Czech and the Czech Republic would be neat cause there are some castles there I want to see haha. Also in Germany.'

Hub:        1099
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1720273643732071
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh it was great. I have had bad experiences before. We went on a carribean cruise once and we all got sick. It was terrible. The best part was probably either the ice cream or stoping to talk a tour of canada and Alaska. I guess technically it was a cruise to. Alaska.'
	 b'I had a cousin live there once. We left from seattle on a cruise to canada.'
	 b"Haha no, I'm from Tennessee, but HEFY is like EFY but a 2 week long service trip in another country!! It was the best thing I have ever done!"
	 b'Did you like that cruise? Or rather what was the best part?'

Hub:        1100
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.050237804651260376
Sample Utterances:
	 b'sounds fun!!!'
	 b'sounds fun!'
	 b'Sounds like a blast.'
	 b'Sounds fun but not fun.'

Hub:        1101
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14644497632980347
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah, language is just super huge and important to me lol.'
	 b'English is super useful though.'
	 b"That's cool. I'm glad you can go together and speak the language. So one don't have to interpret to the other."
	 b'Public schmublick. Haha you actually make a good point I just like adding schm to these words.'

Hub:        1102
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17264913022518158
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah no kidding. i dont think i will ever give it. but it makes sense. you have to be cpr certified to do it anyway. right?'
	 b"yeah a lot of people have been taught how to do it or have been certified but they don't renew their certification. like at girls camp they taught us how to do CPR and none of. us were certified. the point is not to revive them but to sustain life until the ambulance can get there to provide proper care."
	 b'just finished being CPR certified :D. you?'
	 b"oh my goodness i would freak out. i think i got certified once. but maybe not. i don't understand how you remember exactly what to. do."

Hub:        1103
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13669167459011078
Sample Utterances:
	 b'if you could have one superpower what would it be?'
	 b'A better question would be, what is a superpower you have that is completely useless??'
	 b"What would you do when you were invisible, and when would you go invisible. I would really want to have Dr. Strange's Powers. Those are so cool."
	 b'hahaha. what power would you want to have then?'

Hub:        1104
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11843059957027435
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah. you didn't get my message?"
	 b'read my messages.'
	 b'your message?'
	 b'Oh, if you responded I didn\xe2\x80\x99t get your message. What was it that you said?'

Hub:        1105
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19256536662578583
Sample Utterances:
	 b'lol i wish 7.50 right now. im a cashier.'
	 b'yeah true, i am a nanny and also a cashier at a grocery store.'
	 b'I wanted to do cashiering.'
	 b'Lol. I do those anyways. Minus raiding stores.'

Hub:        1106
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14640390872955322
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh wow! I didn\xe2\x80\x99t know there were Cambodian missionaries down there! That must\xe2\x80\x99ve been such a cool experience!'
	 b"Wow. Was the mission new? Any sister missionaries go to Cambodia? Oh dear. I can't see anything anymore. Again."
	 b'Haha yeah! They send a lot of missionaries there!'
	 b'I do. And I can imagine people looking at these two little sister missionaries like they are robbers. It is a funny image! I know those places. I have never been to Brazil,.'

Hub:        1107
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11810138821601868
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah I\xe2\x80\x99ve always wanted to be a teacher ever since I started school. And I volunteer a lot at local elementary schools so I know for sure exactly where I want to be. Yes, my teachers are some of my greatest heroes too!!!'
	 b'That would be awesome! Teaching others is a great way to help and serve.  I would love to teach anywhere from 2nd grade or 4th or 5th grades. Really any age would be fun and fulfilling!'
	 b'ooh. we need good teachers. Some of my greatest heros are teachers growing up. and you will be one of them. to other children. good for you!'
	 b"I've got lots of little siblings, so I've learned to love working with kids. And I just really love to learn, and I feel like teaching is a way to keep learning forever."

Hub:        1108
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1434016078710556
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Its been a beautiful day.   I love the scenery this time of year.'
	 b'im staying all year round.'
	 b'not bad. beautiful day out side.'
	 b'going to the driving range in weather like this is the best feeling in the world. best date idea.'

Hub:        1109
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.028001606464385986
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Good idea.'
	 b'good idea.'
	 b'thats a good idea.'
	 b'hahaha good idea.'

Hub:        1110
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13791924715042114
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah I'll just have to pull another all nighter with someone haha."
	 b'DANG! I might do that though, if I could stay awake lol.'
	 b"Of course. I'm good! Just trying to find a better way to spend Friday night xD."
	 b'No all good over here, I could stay up for  another hour. Hey 4:20 blaze it.'

Hub:        1111
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15559053421020508
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That is a solid plan. Hahaha yeah. I burn once then the rest is tanning. Rest of summer, I am now home free.'
	 b"not really. but I tan SUPER fast. but once i'm all tanned out I do burn quick. WHICH sucks because if i tan up during spring term, my summer has pretty much gone to waste."
	 b'I would have to be a specialy rig though. like something i made. Hot water will be essential when im living on the road for more than a few weeks. Ive never gone longer than like two week s without showering haha].'
	 b'oh niceee hahaha do you burn easily on the sun?'

Hub:        1112
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18390494585037231
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You would probably need some sort of blinds, because privacy is nice.'
	 b'Hahaha i bet privacy activists would freak out and lock you up.'
	 b'Privacy schmivacy.'
	 b'haha well its nice to have a place to change that isnt visible to the public.'

Hub:        1113
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.00871962308883667
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah that's true."
	 b'yeah that\xe2\x80\x99s true :).'
	 b'yeah thats true.'
	 b'yeah true.'

Hub:        1114
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14361916482448578
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha yeah I'd want to date someone for a really long time and then be engaged for like 3 days because then I know they're for reals and I'd want to just get it over with. My parents dated for 2 years and were engaged for like 2 months."
	 b'Thats pretty spot on with my plan. I had a roommate who got engaged after a month of dating.'
	 b"Hinkley. Haha my parents said that girls who go to heritage get married when they're 19 and I'm like nope no thanks."
	 b'I mean I can too. But are usually only do it if I have decided that it\xe2\x80\x99s not a good idea to date someone. Probably not the best thing to do.'

Hub:        1115
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1620897799730301
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh yeah for sure. But everyone I've known for a long time are like a sibling so that's kinda weird."
	 b'Oh cool my siblings are all odd ages haha.'
	 b'Yeah, but it is weird being that young and having a sister in law join the family haha.'
	 b'um i wouldnt say they look up to me, but we definitely all get along pretty great.'

Hub:        1116
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.146158829331398
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm sure next time you'll get not-a-lab-member. Yep! We can end this chat now."
	 b'dont go away and ill be right back and we can keep chatting.'
	 b'so far 7 by the GHOST~~~~ chat. now you are next! lol.'
	 b'Can you even remember what the subject was that we started on with this chat?'

Hub:        1117
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14246855676174164
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It's gorgeous."
	 b'It looks so pretty there.'
	 b"Very nice! It's really lush and green."
	 b'Life and renewal. Plus it is pretty.'

Hub:        1118
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14683230221271515
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Or when he got Dwight to become assistant to him, i thought that was the most clever thing ever!'
	 b'Dwight was a huge part of that and his relationship with dwight.'
	 b'That show is gold. I would love to be in the room when the writers were like "you know what this episode needs? Dwight doing ______".'
	 b'It had me really confused towards the end of it. I couldnt believe the rough patch or that dwight actually got manager.'

Hub:        1119
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10483801364898682
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It's not as good."
	 b'But it is really good.'
	 b'It is usually way better.'
	 b'hahahaha. is it as good as people say it is?'

Hub:        1120
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14377360045909882
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It was in highschool.'
	 b'yeah it was a biggggg school.'
	 b"It was in class so I'm not sure."
	 b'I am still in high school so I can say stupid stuff like that.'

Hub:        1121
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15532197058200836
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I bet he will say yes.'
	 b'He says yes.'
	 b'He probably thinks I am shooting for his lead.'
	 b'Is he excited?'

Hub:        1122
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11680963635444641
Sample Utterances:
	 b'He says yes.'
	 b'Let me ask him.'
	 b'I bet he will say yes.'
	 b"He is... in there... I'm not actually sure."

Hub:        1123
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16592498123645782
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s just so logical to strive to be logical isn\xe2\x80\x99t it? Anytime!'
	 b"Although it's the only reasonable and logical answer so I would expect any reasonable and logical person to derive that answer. You are reasonable and logical so you derived that answer. Good job!"
	 b'I always strive for logical reasoning at all times!'
	 b'Okay great, sorry I\xe2\x80\x99m so inconvenient but I just really feel like it would be best if I put some thought into it as opposed to just saying something random and off the cuff. I\xe2\x80\x99m looking for an answer that isn\xe2\x80\x99t logical but still a wise use of this gife of reliving one day.'

Hub:        1124
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14264944195747375
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh haha last time I checked I'm 7th."
	 b"Yeah last time I checked i'm like 9th."
	 b"oh! no. I have only talked to 10 on here, that's what i meant."
	 b'Oh cool I\xe2\x80\x99m number two.'

Hub:        1125
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07998904585838318
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I havent heard of that one?'
	 b'I have heard of that one.'
	 b"I haven't seen that one yet."
	 b'I have heard that one, but nothing else that was new to me.'

Hub:        1126
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13379694521427155
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think the last time I rode, I could not turn around sharp enough and pegged a tree.  It bent the steering and ski. We dragged it back and that was my last ride.'
	 b'oh hahaha. i bet you will get used to that feeling. I rode a small kick bike before and the first time I rode it I kicked it in to gear and I reved it but I reved too high and I let it drag me around until it went too fast that. it forced me to let go of the bike hahaha. my friends told me that I have whiskey throttle. I thought I was grabbing the brake but not that I think of it I think I was pulling on the clutch lever not the brake.'
	 b'hahaha yeah i think i have seen a bike like that and it had a front break. if it didnt it sounds like it would be way dangerous.'
	 b"I could live out of my 4runner right now if it wasn't for school. I would get a slide in insert for my back truk."

Hub:        1127
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.061227425932884216
Sample Utterances:
	 b'aww!'
	 b'awww.'
	 b'AWWWWW.'
	 b'cute.'

Hub:        1128
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10022817552089691
Sample Utterances:
	 b"How's life going?"
	 b'ya. hows life.'
	 b'things are rolling! How is life for you?'
	 b'hows life besides the deep cleaning?'

Hub:        1129
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09219615161418915
Sample Utterances:
	 b'where were you before lol ?'
	 b'where were you?'
	 b'nice. where were you before?'
	 b'Ha, oh no! What, or who, did you hit?'

Hub:        1130
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17186740040779114
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hahaha. Maybe a should lock myself in a store. Then I would have tons of food.'
	 b'Unless you locked yourself into a furniture store. There\xe2\x80\x99d be nothing good to eat there. I would run to a super Target. That place makes all my dreams come true. Plus it has everything I\xe2\x80\x99d need to survive. You?'
	 b'Sounds like walmart. or someother super store. That would be fun to have to live in one of those stores over a week or something.'
	 b'Right? We also talked about locking ourselves in a store, so you would have plenty of food.'

Hub:        1131
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13528990745544434
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah smells. I love a fresh mango and my girlfriend's B.O. (pheromones) hahahaha."
	 b"yeah right? I like how my GF smells and she likes how I smell. She also thinkgs that I don't have an odor which is weird to me because I think I stink all the time haha]."
	 b"NOOOO. I TELL MY BF THAT ALL THE TIME. AND HE GOES. YOU SMELL SO GOODDDD. i don't get it. LOVE IS WEIRD."
	 b'fair enough. I like the smell of freshly baked cookies and fresh mangos.'

Hub:        1132
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05889156460762024
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah! that's what i'm saying!"
	 b"That's what im saying."
	 b"Yeah I think that's what I was getting at."
	 b'At this point I have no idea what I am saying.'

Hub:        1133
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16892188787460327
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah but you know what because of my experiences with the church and the miracles I've seen I just ignore all the drama and the bad leaders and go for myself because I know it. is good for me. but yeah bishops can be irritating."
	 b"yeah, bad leaders and bishops who offended and gay rights and stuff like that. I still keep going because I've seen a lot in my life and God has really helped me through it."
	 b"Yeah that's what people keep telling me, that there's not just good Mormons out there but also bad ones. But I guess for there to be good there has to be the bad that balances. it out."
	 b'I would definitely say that my parents are in that category as well. Leaders in the church, bishops, etc. I also really like Elizabeth Smart haha! She is pretty great!'

Hub:        1134
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15260712802410126
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha what was his name?'
	 b'What was the name again?'
	 b'what was the other chat guys name?'
	 b'True true. How did you get your name Trey?'

Hub:        1135
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.01498277485370636
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha thanks.'
	 b'Haha thanks.'
	 b'haha. thanks.'
	 b'Haha thanks. I really appreciate it.'

Hub:        1136
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13621170818805695
Sample Utterances:
	 b"oh real?? have you met and Evenlyn she's pretty cool."
	 b'Oh wow thats crazy. Have you met her?'
	 b'uhh. have you met not_jade? shes a homie.'
	 b'ahhh. and met the man of her dreams?'

Hub:        1137
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12553580105304718
Sample Utterances:
	 b'YESSSS. I love them, so much!'
	 b'OH MY GOSH. YES. I love both of those.'
	 b"Yeah they do! And they're always so sweet. I love them."
	 b'Oh I wish I had more time they are so good.'

Hub:        1138
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05213649570941925
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ok i am back.'
	 b'Okay, I am back!!!'
	 b"Okay, I'm back on for a little bit."
	 b'OK I can see them now.'

Hub:        1139
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.011418893933296204
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hahaha. That is so funny.'
	 b'haha that is so funny.'
	 b'Hahahaha. That is so funny.'
	 b'hahaha. that is hilarious.'

Hub:        1140
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1902012974023819
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You like recesses I am guessing? Oh ahah. baby ducks are so cute. I think baby ducks remind us that there is still good in the world haha.'
	 b'That is fun:) baby ducks are so adorable! Thy are basically little squeaking fur balls! Are there a lot of wildlife where you are from?'
	 b"Haha I love it. If you're interested in some cute times look up baby beacsr. Beaver."
	 b"Ok an unexpected sucky element of Arizona is that baby duck season also means baby cockrach season and it's groooooooooooss."

Hub:        1141
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10284817218780518
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What instrument do you play? Or would you play.'
	 b'What instrument do you play?'
	 b'you play the guitar! me too! what do you like to play on it?'
	 b'It depends on your playing style I guess.'

Hub:        1142
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15201981365680695
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh thank goodness you are back.'
	 b"Great. You're back."
	 b'holy canoli. its all good now?'
	 b'thank goodness. you arent as much of a scoundrel as i had feared.'

Hub:        1143
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17660711705684662
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well the chats are pretty fun I have to met that especially when you have the right people to chat with.'
	 b'Much better than actually interacting with people. Good thing our "chat with a friend" system is working. That way we can talk on here without having to learn to interact with other people.'
	 b'they told me I have to chat normally so they can get good data. ugh, life.'
	 b"YOOO. wow first chat of the day and it's with my main mans. NICE. idk groups are so sketchy. like. if i wanna give money i wanna know EXACTLY where it's goin."

Hub:        1144
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.20776501297950745
Sample Utterances:
	 b'like on the hinge.'
	 b'Just like the outer shell. To get the looks of it.'
	 b"But with hollowness doesn't that make it more likely to break? Or I guess not as long as the outer layer is thick enough."
	 b'like buring cross stickler.'

Hub:        1145
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08923910558223724
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Like, that if I didn't win the macbook I would get something else."
	 b'psh nah. I am only doing this for the macbook to use as an upgrade for myself.'
	 b'ya i already have a laptop. i wouldnt mind a newer one. im not a huge apple fan. but u see i do like the money i can make selling one.'
	 b'I don\xe2\x80\x99t know. I just forced myself to because I wanted a MacBook. I was getting sick of the one that was falling apart. Then I can get a MacBook permanently that wont fall apart because it is literally like one piece on the outside. And made of a metal hard shell.'

Hub:        1146
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12294094264507294
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i could tell you the story about that.'
	 b'you know what. here is a nother story for ya.'
	 b'back to the story.'
	 b'Haha. You got it. Wait, did I ever told you about that story?'

Hub:        1147
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06755736470222473
Sample Utterances:
	 b'awww.'
	 b'aww!'
	 b'oh awwww ok. well.'
	 b'awww that cute. all along.'

Hub:        1148
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10132429003715515
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah I remember that! I remember when I played Pokemon Go I made a lot of friends. I mean it was just because everyone was super friendly. I remember there were hundreds of kids camping out at the Provo Public library.'
	 b'Yeah that makes sense. half of provo ages 12-25 were there every night. the river woods were petty mad as well. I used to go there with some of my friends and catch pokemon. I actually went on a few dates to catch pokemon.'
	 b"Have heard of a game called Pokemon GO? It was super hyped up when it first came out but it's a dead game now. My brother recently downloaded it onto his phone again and told. me that BYU has a lot of people playing it still. I wasn't surprised haha. I used to remember people gathering up at the Provo City Library and staying there over night to. catch pokemon. The reason why the Provo City Library was such a hit was because it was surrounded by four Poke Stops in close vicinity to each other."
	 b'and how those were the symbols for the different leagues you could join for pokemon go when that was like a thing for two weeks. lol. i got into it because i was doing solar sales and knocking doors so because i was walking around all day i could play super hard and catch tons of pokemons during my job and. it was so convienient. lol. there was one time i went to this graveyard where i was working and there were all these little boys playing and they asked for a ride to the library down the street and i did.'

Hub:        1149
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12648703157901764
Sample Utterances:
	 b'metoo. I played a lot of mario kart and mario party with my friends a lot.'
	 b'I loved to play mario kart on game cube, mario party, and super smash bros.'
	 b'Thats a lot of my friends haha. I was never into them, I mean I can destroy my siblings in Mario Kart but thats it.'
	 b'Playing yahtzee with my sister, watching my brother play super mario odyssey 2, being a lazy bum. How about you?'

Hub:        1150
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12690718472003937
Sample Utterances:
	 b'the scariest movie i think that I watched as a child was probably scream. but the x-files theme song scared me like crazy.'
	 b'i can only remember ever doing that a couple times during my childhood. one time it was after we watched signs which freaked me out so much as a child. i hated the alien scene. it scares me to this day to watch signs.'
	 b'signs is about aliens right? when I was younger the x-files theme music scared the crap out of me.'
	 b'the game is actually pretty cool because its an app that can connect to a speaker and the game has audio that directs you through the game where as when i was little we had to. have someone who knew the game really well direct it. so in order to play it someone who knew the game really well had to be around to direct. whats the scariest movie you watched as a child?'

Hub:        1151
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1648961454629898
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah i agree with you. just because i feel like ive experienced the fear of the devil and thats what has helped me realize that god has to be real. you know because if the. he exists so must heavenly father. in a sense its a true testiment of god.'
	 b'that is a good point. I think that is the reason why we are here and it makes sense that we are Gods children.'
	 b'what is the meaing of life? you belive in God?'
	 b'yeah it did. I think it depends on people. how they feel the spirit is different for everyone. except I think there are ways it works for all.'

Hub:        1152
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15843568742275238
Sample Utterances:
	 b'that is insane. while I can barely make that kind of money in a year.'
	 b'Wow. nearly 2 million dollars. seriously. That is insane.'
	 b"full time I guess. That's crazy. I couldn't do that!"
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s like my paycheck for 2 weeks.'

Hub:        1153
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16616852581501007
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i think of a lot of the people my age who already have children and i dont think id be ready for it. though i think you should have to pass a test to be allowed to procrete be. because being a parent is such a huge responsibility! so many people have kids and abandon or neglect them and thats just not cool or fly with me because a human life is such.'
	 b"I respect the women that want to have a career, and I don't judge because it's such an individual decision. BUT. I believe the traditional structure will be the best for us. I can't bring children into the world and then not give them EVERYTHING. It'd be unfair. But that is just me."
	 b'Poor guy indeed, no one liked him and they all thought he was a loser. You also need to know that all the offspring were made in test tubes and no one had mothers. It was against the law to have a child and no one really wanted to. but what i see that is most similar to todays world is their morals.'
	 b'really? why is that? what makes you think you wont be able to have children? i suppose if you dont mind me asking, its a rather personal question and id understand if you choose not to answer.'

Hub:        1154
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15047013759613037
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah I think some people are just not fit to be a parent but we can\xe2\x80\x99t control them.... It\xe2\x80\x99s sad to see those kinds of families and sometimes they get broken if they don\xe2\x80\x99t turn around and mature for the children.'
	 b'it is, but at a point in their teenage life they dont trust their parents as much and thats when the ai could kind of push them back into the hand s of the parents.'
	 b'Oh definitely. And its like I want my kids to have those same experiences but at the same time I want to be able to protect them from bad stuff that has happened to me and experiences I had, its an interesting process for sure.'
	 b'you a psychotic person i dont know that you should be able to have children because those children would grow up with such skewed perspectives on reality! i know a few people. in situations like that and their parents problems exsaturabtes those problems. because usually those kind of disease are genetic and so the children would also have those mental problems and because of that the situation would only get exponentially wors. worse.'

Hub:        1155
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11814671754837036
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah. Are you? Hello?'
	 b'not really. what are you doing? hello?'
	 b'I am greast. Have I met you before?'
	 b'Ooo, this is a tough question... Would you like to answer first? Hello, are we going to chat or what?'

Hub:        1156
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13566581904888153
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Running is a nice way to stay in shape but it\xe2\x80\x99s one of those sports that never gets easier you work the same but get only a little faster.'
	 b'And true, my cardio sucks but at least i can do something athletic.'
	 b'I enjoy it when I\xe2\x80\x99m in shape. Nice! I love excuses to not run.'
	 b'Swimming is always a good option. 3 years!? that is a LONG time.'

Hub:        1157
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.155384361743927
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99ve got to keep up some of the mystery.'
	 b"It's all in the mystery."
	 b'Haha just a bunch of theories and reviews.'
	 b"Okay, people tell me interesting things in here, but it's hard to keep track of who does what."

Hub:        1158
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13216844201087952
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It' s on netflix."
	 b'is it on netflix or something?'
	 b"Yeah I do. It's on Hulu?"
	 b'You could possibly find it at redbox or online somewhere!'

Hub:        1159
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.033678844571113586
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh that is a good one!'
	 b'Oh that is a good one.'
	 b'Oh thats a good one!'
	 b'oh that\xe2\x80\x99s a classic.'

Hub:        1160
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16140396893024445
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wow! were you working there or something?'
	 b'really? thats awesome. you probably have seen my old co workers in there then.'
	 b'So did you work in a hospice?'
	 b'lol did you serve there?'

Hub:        1161
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16666178405284882
Sample Utterances:
	 b're i would ever complain about them so my parents were concerned about my level of pain tolerance as a child and when we went to the doctor the doctor saw my back and asked a. about it, he told my parents that what could have happened is that because i was so young when this happened it could have seriously desensitized my nervous system causing my. tolerance to increase dramatically, which im sure has worn off by now, because i am such a baby about any kind of pain now.'
	 b'Man.... My dad had some trouble with lymph nodes before. nothing serious though.'
	 b'yeah it was pretty guesome. i dont remember any of it. im pretty sure my memory has suppressed the images and pain i felt to protect me because it was so bad. i only remember. waking up because my dad was pouring ice cold water on me and i woke up screaming from the pain and because my dad was yelling and cursing at my mother to get me ice and more. water and rags. i do remember that i was in so much pain but i was freaking out because it felt so uncomfortable to have the icy cold water all over me soaking my entire outfi. t and hurting me because i was already in so much pain and it made it even worse. it was pretty bad. but i dont remember the healing process at all. like i dont remember having bandages or changing them out which i would assume would have been pretty painfu. anyways i didnt originally go to the doctor for it either, i guess my parents couldnt really afford to at the time so i guess my dad just took care of it, but i went to the do. doctor later on for the earaches that i always used to get as a child that my parents eventually took me for because i would get really sick or have them for a long time befo.'
	 b"Really? Sheesh, sometimes doctors even though they do good, they don't help alot."

Hub:        1162
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15717780590057373
Sample Utterances:
	 b'would you ever talk to him if he tried to call you and wanted to meet up with you?'
	 b'So given the stare every time he walked by me. I think you got the message but he didn\xe2\x80\x99t really like to talk to me.'
	 b'So he got your number in person or over the app?'
	 b'i met a really cool hippie once. he gave me two dollars. hey can i switch back to my phone?'

Hub:        1163
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18995070457458496
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah it did. I made so much money in the game just using my map attack skill all day and the blessing buff really was nice for people. No one could compete with me.'
	 b"yeah same. except that I didn't have the bless buff so I couldn't get paid to level up."
	 b'yeah I did. I always wanted to make a night lord really bad because I thought they were so cool and they had the most damage per second.'
	 b'yeah that was what I doing. I bought the best bath robe with all luck stats and then I bought all the illbi stars I could and the best maple gauntlet. and ice shoe and everything that was lvl 0. so i made this spagehtti sauce with my father the other day and it has meat in it! its really goood though i couldnt say no.'

Hub:        1164
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12549202144145966
Sample Utterances:
	 b'16,14,12,8,6,2 give or take a couple months.'
	 b'A few months, I think.'
	 b'probably a few boo-llion a year. ha. ha.'
	 b"I've know him for a year. So, probably in the last 6 months."

Hub:        1165
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16542266309261322
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I really enjoyed going to school as well i learned a lot in my classes today.'
	 b'Oh I wish. I just had an awesome AP Lang teacher in high school.'
	 b'I really enjoy the last days of class.'
	 b'Yes.  It was simple and convenient and a great way to start student life.'

Hub:        1166
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05596978962421417
Sample Utterances:
	 b'pretty good.'
	 b'Pretty good!'
	 b'Pretty good. I guess lol.'
	 b'Not bad, not bad.'

Hub:        1167
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08778274059295654
Sample Utterances:
	 b'nursing.'
	 b'nursing. you?'
	 b"Nursing maybe? but BYU's nursing program is pretty hard."
	 b'special education.'

Hub:        1168
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1168794333934784
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Nice! That's so fun. Are you going into an art major then? My skiing experience trails off at meager cross-country skiing. I almost fell off a cliff, so that was exciting."
	 b'I love wake boarding! Have you ever been wake surfing? That\xe2\x80\x99s pretty fun too. I started skiing about 5 years ago.'
	 b"Woah! Sounds like a super fun trip:) What was your favorite thing you ate there? Oh I'm sorry! Injuries are tough- I've had bursitis and a stress reaction in my pelvis both this year during cross country season. This year is actually my first year running. cross country and track and I absolutely love it:). I love skiing too! I'm not very good at it though haha, I bet you are though!"
	 b'That is quit the introduction to the United States! I am proud of you for tackling that hike, though it possibly helps that you did not realize that you were hiking such a. Rough hike. I have been to zion\xe2\x80\x99s Once, but e did not have time to hike angels landing. Maybe someday I will be able to do it! Did you play many sports when you ere growing. Up? Or did you have other hobbies hen you were in Brazil?'

Hub:        1169
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17396870255470276
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha my chiropractor and pt is super expensive so I just stick to swimmin. It's pretty good I just finished a dance class. Gotta ice my knees now lol."
	 b'Yeah it turned out OK though I can walk completely fine I can run completely fine and I still work on my toe sometimes and it actually really helps my calves. But I mean I can still do everything like I have a weightlifting class this semester and that\xe2\x80\x99s actually working out just fine my form. Is working just fine.'
	 b'Yeah me too! I really like spanish but I haven\xe2\x80\x99t taken it since 10th grade bc of how our class schedule works, I also want to take skiing once and probably ceramics and swing/. Ballroom dance.'
	 b'me too. she has been good so far except for a pocket of liquid in her leg that makes her leg swell up. i really hope it heals up soon.'

Hub:        1170
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13979922235012054
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Physiology and developmental biology. So premed. How about you?'
	 b'I really like Biology. Is that your major?'
	 b'Biology. What is yours?'
	 b'Well I am taking a medical anatomy and physiology class and we are going over the digestive system so that has been pretty interesting!'

Hub:        1171
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04687586426734924
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99ll have to look it up.'
	 b'ill have to look it up.'
	 b"I might have.  I'll look it up now."
	 b'Ill have to look it up once I get home.'

Hub:        1172
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.22032512724399567
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah literally. a picture filter basically made them a billion dollars.'
	 b'yeah surprisingly X-Pro II was the mostly popular filter that people used. I think it is so cool because it is always that one idea that will take off and make a billion dollars.'
	 b'facebook bought them yeah. that is so much money.'
	 b'yeah I know right? did you also know that the pillars are gold plated? they are REAL gold.'

Hub:        1173
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13687030971050262
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I love maroon 5! I've listened to a just about everything at one point or another. Right now just pop or whatever is one the radio since it's easier. I've been really into Panic!, Bohnes, and Mission recently but they're all a little more... risque? I'll be going to the Panic! concert this August and I'm really excited about it. Have you been to any concerts recently? Maybe any Maroon 5 concerts?"
	 b"i wish lol. i've never been to a concert but hopefully one day soon! i kinda just listen to a wide array of music. like random stuff hahaha."
	 b"Lately though I haven't been enjoying it as much because we have our last concert coming up and rehearsals are a billion years long!"
	 b"It's going on tour this fall!!!! I'm so obsessed! I know all the words, it's crazy."

Hub:        1174
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1684909164905548
Sample Utterances:
	 b"i wish lol. i've never been to a concert but hopefully one day soon! i kinda just listen to a wide array of music. like random stuff hahaha."
	 b"I love maroon 5! I've listened to a just about everything at one point or another. Right now just pop or whatever is one the radio since it's easier. I've been really into Panic!, Bohnes, and Mission recently but they're all a little more... risque? I'll be going to the Panic! concert this August and I'm really excited about it. Have you been to any concerts recently? Maybe any Maroon 5 concerts?"
	 b'Oh for sure. They always have a really good dj. Ah dang I have to go pick my sister up from something sorry I gotta go.'
	 b"That's actually on my bucket list. Starting a band. Haha maybe just sweaty quail."

Hub:        1175
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16755014657974243
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Cool!!! What are you going to do with that?'
	 b"got any ideas of what you're gonna do with it yet?"
	 b"Oh wow are you really! That's fascinating! What do you want to do with that?"
	 b'Haha. What do you want to do with stats?'

Hub:        1176
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0896274745464325
Sample Utterances:
	 b'In Provo?'
	 b'In provo?'
	 b'provo.'
	 b'kaap studios is started here in provo.'

Hub:        1177
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09489485621452332
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well darn it jaezo.'
	 b'Darn it!'
	 b"Gosh darn it :/ well I guess you'll just have to wait \xf0\x9f\x99\x83."
	 b'TELL MEEEEEE. Please.'

Hub:        1178
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06895823776721954
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah I never thought about that but thats true.'
	 b"That's true, I never thought of it like that. But you're right."
	 b"Oh! I hadn't even considered that."
	 b"That's true. I was actually kind of wondering if they did that myself."

Hub:        1179
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12369175255298615
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I never heard of any of those.'
	 b'I never heard of those.'
	 b'Those are a little more well known.'
	 b"I've never heard of Don before. I had thought there was only 6 of them."

Hub:        1180
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08603392541408539
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh I am so excited as well.'
	 b"Oh yes I'm so excited for it."
	 b'i am so excited for you!'
	 b'Yeah! Lots of exciting things are coming up.'

Hub:        1181
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13237889111042023
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I hope you find a job, what kind of work do you like to do?'
	 b"Cool do you know what you're doing career wise?"
	 b'Haha what kinda place do you want to work at.'
	 b'Cool. Are you the one with the job helping your people with disabilities?'

Hub:        1182
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16822156310081482
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah I want lots of leadership experience and i want to have a bunch of business management experience. Because no matter how you look at it, having business experience helps. Being able to evaluate and perceive the needs of the company (America) and then acting on it.'
	 b'Everyone is just content staying at home and letting everyone else do the hard work. That also means they would pay more to have a person that is good and they don\xe2\x80\x99t have to be involved. It\xe2\x80\x99s sad but leadership is what this nation is lacking so that is why i want to  go into it. Plus i think i am a natural.'
	 b'Yeah, I\xe2\x80\x99ve learned a little from experience and what local leaders do and what people think about them. My dad has also had quite a bit to say about the problems with dirty politics. I just need to be set before i try it out, because it takes one mistake to put you out of a job for good almost or atleast a high paying job.'
	 b'Great question! I actually always thought of being a politician, but after going on a mission I realized I wanted to understand how the world works. So there came econ! That is so close.'

Hub:        1183
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1360241025686264
Sample Utterances:
	 b'have you been climbing for a while?'
	 b'oh really!?? do you climb often?'
	 b'lol are you a good climber would you say?'
	 b'Do you like climbing? I just bought a whole trad rack the other day.'

Hub:        1184
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14547835290431976
Sample Utterances:
	 b'well after that during that summer I could not climb outside for the life of me. after I would get past the second bolt my handles and legs would shake because my brain was. telling my body "you are going to die". but I kept climbing and now I still have PTSD but not as bad.'
	 b'that gave me PTSD because a rock hold broke off and I feel 25 ish feet to my death or so I thought. my belayer could not take fast enough and I landed on my ankle. I could have died.'
	 b'yeah totally. the mental game is like 80 percent of climbing in my opinion. you can psych yourself out and then your body will not listen to you. do you remember how I told you I broke my ankle?'
	 b"oh no!! that would've been terrible. I want to climb more outside but then I think of all the things that could happen and it seems scary. idk if I would still climb if that happened to me..."

Hub:        1185
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09495660662651062
Sample Utterances:
	 b'such as?'
	 b'Like what?'
	 b'what is then.'
	 b'give me an example.'

Hub:        1186
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10072770714759827
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hey adam, long time no see.'
	 b'hey adam. good afternoon my friend.'
	 b'Adam!!!!!!!! Hi there!!!!'
	 b'whats up Adam.'

Hub:        1187
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08160318434238434
Sample Utterances:
	 b'that is terrible.'
	 b'oh my goodness. that is terrible.'
	 b'that soudns terrible.'
	 b'that is so unnecessary. seriously.'

Hub:        1188
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17729724943637848
Sample Utterances:
	 b'you should be in politics.'
	 b'i would vote for you if you went on to be president.'
	 b'Yeah it\xe2\x80\x99s bad. Would. You ever consider running for office?'
	 b'Wow, playing the constitution card.'

Hub:        1189
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1588972508907318
Sample Utterances:
	 b'how did you come to that?'
	 b'and how have you done that?'
	 b'how did you find me.'
	 b'What did we choose that was the same thing for both of us?'

Hub:        1190
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0947161316871643
Sample Utterances:
	 b"A lot of companies say doing a masters is not a practical idea. I'm only doing it to find out if I should do a PhD or not."
	 b"Well if you do a PhD you can do research, but if you do a masters you'll typically be doing just the same thing as people without a masters."
	 b"what so they say do a PHD or just don't do graduate school?"
	 b"That would be way cool! Money is tempting, but I'm planning on doing grad school. I'll probably just start with a masters. I'm thinking about a PhD, but I'm still not sure."

Hub:        1191
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1252097189426422
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i feel like they need to develop a market for electronic text books before we make the switch. electronic textbooks often have glitches and it sucks. i have used two so far in my college career. one of them was absolutely horrible!'
	 b'that way we can have access to all the textbooks we need at a monthly fee while we are taking class. yeah. i have had some amazing experiences with electronic textbooks too. i took a course called cs 142.'
	 b'I used the library. I still use it. The computers are great and it is actually really comfortable and easy to write papers on them. I had a laptop to begin with but sold it for 225.'
	 b'oh right now i would definitely say textbooks. they are kind of hard to lug around.'

Hub:        1192
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.21679814159870148
Sample Utterances:
	 b'it was a waste of money, they had me pay like 70 dollar. and i could have gotten the book for cheaper used. so it is more expensive then buying gently used textbooks.'
	 b'Pretty great! I got a textbook for super cheap!'
	 b'One of the first ones did, then after that I couldnt get it back up. Which doesnt make sense. Usually research gets better, but I ran out of money for materials.'
	 b'Oh yeah true this was like a special edition disc they bought so they could LEARN the words lol.'

Hub:        1193
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15018317103385925
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm like quiet screaming right now."
	 b'Right???? I started screaming really loud!!!'
	 b"I can hear myself laugh, that's how I know I'm laughing ;)."
	 b'Ha ha I am walking home so there is and anyone who is really overly hearing me right now.'

Hub:        1194
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1635425090789795
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Man chickens are the best. Someone just TOOK our super responsible hen that would sit on the eggs when everyone else was out eatin leaves. And my mom flIPPED out about it.'
	 b"And I don't mean duck eggs as in the yolk, I mean duck eggs that were actually ready to hatch."
	 b'we do have chickens but no silkies because they really require special treatment.'
	 b'And my sister is graduating. Yep. Back to the pooping chickens this weekend.'

Hub:        1195
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16905325651168823
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s really funny normally all of our chickens are cute enough that anyone of them is fun to hold by anyone in our family pretty much.'
	 b"Yeah I talked to my chickens too. They're just so fun to watch."
	 b'Hahaha that is precious. Quail are just hilarious. I think the ones with the feathers that hang over off the top of their heads are the funniest.'
	 b'i believe that chickens possess the answers to the universes problems.  I like to go out and talk to them when I am home.'

Hub:        1196
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13700257241725922
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Like I only knew there was a macbook pro.'
	 b'What\xe2\x80\xa6Option did you not know about. Oh you were going for the MacBook Pro then?'
	 b'I wish there were multiple Macbook Pros.'
	 b'I was over there a lot. I was often using the macs.'

Hub:        1197
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10185414552688599
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Well if you do a PhD you can do research, but if you do a masters you'll typically be doing just the same thing as people without a masters."
	 b"A lot of companies say doing a masters is not a practical idea. I'm only doing it to find out if I should do a PhD or not."
	 b"Yes. But for some positions you only need a Master's. However, if you want to be a psychologist, a doctorate is require. *required."
	 b"Well college education first, of course. A masters in forensic anthropology is the most likely path to getting a job for them. I don't want to be a field agent, that's a little too dangerous, so being a forensic anthropologist would be part of the research that the FBI does."

Hub:        1198
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04633535444736481
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha! What a good plan!'
	 b'Hahaha good plan.'
	 b'that does sound like a good plan.'
	 b'Hello. Thats a good plan.'

Hub:        1199
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12258310616016388
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Stressful. Haha, but I'm glad that one of us is having a good day."
	 b'oh dear haha well I wish you luck! Have a good rest of your day.'
	 b"oh!! i'm glad to hear that. WHOA friday! man oh man!"
	 b"yeah? I hate stress, and stressful situations. I'm glad you're catching up!"

Hub:        1200
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10846805572509766
Sample Utterances:
	 b'xmen is in marvel right?'
	 b'I thought marvel made xmen.'
	 b'from the xmen right?'
	 b'Well loki is done for so that sucks. So is SCARLET WITCH. And VISION.'

Hub:        1201
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13524900376796722
Sample Utterances:
	 b'This is my first semester.'
	 b'Graduating this semester then?'
	 b'Well, I\xe2\x80\x99m taking 8 classes this semester. Two ads.'
	 b'Student agasint student, soo classic.'

Hub:        1202
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.03588618338108063
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What do you think?'
	 b'what do you think?'
	 b'What do you think about it?'
	 b'Ohhhhh. What do you think.'

Hub:        1203
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19456449151039124
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What is Donkatsu?'
	 b'What is 210?'
	 b'IS. Yours>. ?'
	 b'What is fiber.'

Hub:        1204
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14517155289649963
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I like meat. Hahaha.'
	 b'see I told you I like meat.'
	 b'Oh me too Hahahaha no way. I love mat. *meat.'
	 b'and i dont even lik...... jk i like fish. oh ya i forgot.'

Hub:        1205
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15153369307518005
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Honestly meat, hahaha. Steak.'
	 b"steak. It's really funny."
	 b'Those would be good. With beef, pork, or chicken?'
	 b'That totally sounds like something Andy Dwyer would do. from parks nd rec. That all sounds like steak sauce, totally A1.'

Hub:        1206
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09306694567203522
Sample Utterances:
	 b'favorite super hero go.'
	 b'Do you have a favorite super hero?'
	 b'insane. favorite super hero go.'
	 b'If you were a superhero, who would you be? Batgirl?'

Hub:        1207
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13502125442028046
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I thought marvel made xmen.'
	 b'xmen is in marvel right?'
	 b'I thought she was in that part of Marvel.'
	 b'But then I was like "no no no, they almost got the glove off WHY MARVEL".'

Hub:        1208
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09266526997089386
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Me too! What are your plans after graduation?'
	 b'ok, whats your plans after graduation?'
	 b"I'm doing similar stuff! Graduation is so close! And then I'm going to the Manti pageant :) I have a couple of family reunions, and then work. What are you doing for work?"
	 b'Oh, fun! Yea, I have a presentation and a paper, but I should be done after Monday! What are you going to do in Cali?'

Hub:        1209
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12294211983680725
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha. Yeah. AI's. Just like Alexa and Siri."
	 b'Haha. I was Thinking like Siri or alexa.'
	 b"And if Alexa really DOES get good at conversing, maybe she would agree? I mean, obviously, it's a computer, but still. It's programmed conversations."
	 b'Oh it is mathematics applied to computers. So like Siri.'

Hub:        1210
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13836617767810822
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Like this one, kind of.'
	 b'Let\xe2\x80\x99s just use this one.'
	 b'this one.'
	 b'Illustration.'

Hub:        1211
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1106351912021637
Sample Utterances:
	 b'kind of like how human brains work. we are born with set programs and instincts, but then we learn entirely new things. because the algorithm for learning is already. programmed into us. if that makes sense.'
	 b'We would have to create a machine that not only simulates humans through learning, but actually emulates human conciousness and thought.'
	 b'Hi! I think they will get the right of though when they have the capacity to learn in the same way humans learn and when they have legitamate feelings. Our brains are just a bunch of electircal impulses anyway.'
	 b'Well, there are scientific procedures that can put memories into the brain and manipulate thinking.'

Hub:        1212
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04439061880111694
Sample Utterances:
	 b'it is!'
	 b'it is.'
	 b'it definitely is.'
	 b'tis.'

Hub:        1213
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15764959156513214
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's what I think. And, it keeps me motivated. Plus, I've needed to get people to do it with me to keep myself accountable. Right!"
	 b'That helped me stay on track of my goals for the future and I could see hourly the layout of my day and It helped a ton.'
	 b"my therapist told me that daily exercise is the most important thing i can do for my mental health. so i started going to the gym treating it like doctor's orders. and then it became a habit and now i love it because it makes me feel good."
	 b'Sure. Count the small victories, to motivate you to bigger ones.'

Hub:        1214
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11422938108444214
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Cool! That sounds like a great class!'
	 b'dang, that sounds like a really fun classs.'
	 b'Nice! That sounds like a full plate of classes.'
	 b'Awesome. If you want a fun/easy class, puppetry is really great.'

Hub:        1215
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12324695289134979
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Who are tour favorite modern classical composers? *your?'
	 b"haha yes. Who's your favorite composer?"
	 b"Ahh I had Dr. Brown, maybe played different stuff. Anyway, what's your favorite Mozart piece that you've heard. Hello?"
	 b'Same. Favorite artist? Modern and classical?'

Hub:        1216
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16147729754447937
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think your right, let\xe2\x80\x99s stop talking about brains and surgeons because it is really weirding me out.'
	 b'Good think neither of us aspire to be a brain surgeon because we are totally hating on their profession right now.'
	 b"Haha okay we don't have to talk about brain surgeons! Good thing neither of us are going that direction! Okay but how did you know you were writing music?"
	 b'But at the same time why be a surgeon when you can do magic.'

Hub:        1217
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10250869393348694
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Okay Mozart technically was in the classical era but people luck out when they say Mozart was their favorite classical composers, like yes he wrote "classical" music but also.'
	 b'he literally wrote classical music because he wrote music during the classical era.'
	 b'I think Mozart, although Beethoven is a close second. Hello?'
	 b'Is he a classical composer?'

Hub:        1218
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1578907072544098
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wow that is an incredibly detailed list of favorites, good job! I just like Mozart. My parents are both supportive actually. My dad is a music professor and things it\xe2\x80\x99s the best ever. And I already have tons of money so I\xe2\x80\x99m definitely not in it for the money. It\xe2\x80\x99s just purely for the experience and knowledge. I\xe2\x80\x99m a very intellectual person I guess you could say. I believe that knowledge unlocks the gate to the future life.'
	 b'I am grateful that my parents made the early decision and sacrafice to have a traditional structure.  My dad is was an accountant.  My mom had a degree in interior design and. is really talented but chose to focus all her efforts on the family and home.'
	 b'I dont know who I will marry or what their talents and contributions to our family will be -- but of top importance is giving my stewardship as a parent my best effort.  I am. sure it will be humbling.'
	 b"While I was growing up I didn't appreciate my Dad really. He would try to teach me things around the house and about the car and what not and I would blow him off so I could play video games haha. But now that I'm married and I have had to try to fix things around my own house and with my own car, I always find myself calling him and picking his brain. The guy is a genius, but hes still just my Dad, and that's pretty awesome."

Hub:        1219
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13703282177448273
Sample Utterances:
	 b'my sisters bed lol. its really comfy.'
	 b'Haha she got the comfier bed?'
	 b'definately. Sharing a bed with a squirmy 10 year old isnt the best haha.'
	 b'My dad likes my bed better. But for naps I like the floor honestly.'

Hub:        1220
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12784823775291443
Sample Utterances:
	 b'They are just terrible.'
	 b'They are all absolutely terrible.'
	 b'yeah they actually make me better.'
	 b'TO figure out if they are ok people it is really bad.'

Hub:        1221
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13476116955280304
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Tests are the worse.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m pretty good at taking tests as well.'
	 b'Oh more tests? Or just work.'
	 b'So tests are based off of the slides?'

Hub:        1222
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13483813405036926
Sample Utterances:
	 b'they also give free food. That is the best part.'
	 b'Free food! Woot!'
	 b'Free food! You learn something new every day.'
	 b'Free food is a serious business! Everytime they have free J Dawgs in front of the Wilk the line is like 2 miles long.'

Hub:        1223
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19219866394996643
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Or if you meet someone with my name we should come up with like an inside joke so we know it's really each other lol."
	 b'Yep, the same user name and password used for every other thing you log into.  Lastname first two letters of your first name format.  Definitely an indentifier. Well, it has been a pleasure to chit-chat with you Tryingtonap.  Haha, that just sounds funny.  I should probably get going here pretty soon. How about we end by telling each other a joke.  I can go first if that is okay?'
	 b'oh hahaha me either. we can just start with a blank slate. hi whats your name?'
	 b'well it should be,it would be funny if everyone sounded like a surfer.'

Hub:        1224
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08587966859340668
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha I am glad.'
	 b"I'm glad we do though, lol."
	 b"I'm glad."
	 b'Haha I try to have fun.'

Hub:        1225
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14006473124027252
Sample Utterances:
	 b"haha yes. Who's your favorite composer?"
	 b'Who are tour favorite modern classical composers? *your?'
	 b"I don't usually find specific artists that I like, but Avi's voice just blows me away. Have you ever listened to him sing through some quality speakers?"
	 b"So. who'd you demigod parent be? The music is so good too btw."

Hub:        1226
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07817311584949493
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What is your favorite type of animal?'
	 b"What's your favorite animal?"
	 b'What animals could you live without?'
	 b'i am the same. i LOve new things. if you could be any animal, which would it be.'

Hub:        1227
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1371135711669922
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love doing outdoor things. One of my favorite things is to go swimming in lakes.'
	 b'Same. I love kayaking on the lake too. I like to do outdoor things during the summer. What about you?'
	 b'mmm. that sounds really nice to swim in.'
	 b'I just love the water and the feeling of sand.'

Hub:        1228
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1500089317560196
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ugh I feel the same way. Graduation is May 25th, but tomorrow is technically my last "for real" school day because AP exams start on Wednesday.'
	 b"You're so lucky. My last day isn't until May 30th and graduation isn't until June 3rd."
	 b"Campus Floral was crazy on Saturday - mother's day and prom. School is really fast, but I'm hoping it will go well."
	 b'Sitting in class all day while the sun is shining feels like such a waste. When is school over for you?'

Hub:        1229
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10179479420185089
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I really like Biology. Is that your major?'
	 b'Physiology and developmental biology. So premed. How about you?'
	 b"why biology? if its because you are looking for medical school I'd suggest another major."
	 b"Chem was just a general. I'm studying anthropology! Are you in/trying to get in the business school?"

Hub:        1230
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05540202558040619
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha okay.'
	 b'haha okay....'
	 b'Haha okay. Take care.'
	 b"Haha. Okay Let's hear it."

Hub:        1231
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13196538388729095
Sample Utterances:
	 b'you know what I dont know dog breed to be honest but I want a WOLF so bad.'
	 b'I want to get a dog.'
	 b'That would be interesting. I just want any dog XD.'
	 b'No man I just described the ugliest dog in the united states I should be sorry.'

Hub:        1232
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18050609529018402
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha true. I don't play fortnite though. We're pros at this double chat thing."
	 b'yeah hahaha. I loved to play search and destroy because I thought that I was good enough to not have to spectate and carry other people. I was pretty good to be honest and Its really fun and cool to carry your team.'
	 b'Know. No. It isn\xe2\x80\x99t. But i did have like 2 to 3 chat windows open sometimes. I won last time cause i was on 24/7 haha.'
	 b"yeah true true. i just don't like the limit to one person chat. Like i need to make my STACKS."

Hub:        1233
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17128372192382812
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Seriously. It\xe2\x80\x99s  like it\xe2\x80\x99s own language. Everyone in a movie theater can tell what\xe2\x80\x99s gonna happen just by the music that\xe2\x80\x99s playing in the background. Music, man. It\xe2\x80\x99s amazing!'
	 b'I want to see that so bad. The music is amazing.'
	 b"Yeah that's what I need haha. Music has a lot of power to it. Like really even silent movies had music in the background. It helps tell the story. Or horror movies? If the music didn't stop and start they'd be much less suspenseful."
	 b'Really!? I have never heard of an app like that! I\xe2\x80\x99m just imagining a James Bond moment when something dramatic is about to happen and awesome music starts playing in the back. Or like a guardians of the galaxy moment, that is another amazon example of  amazing life soundtracks.'

Hub:        1234
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.009470418095588684
Sample Utterances:
	 b'How is your day going?'
	 b'How is your day going.'
	 b'So how is your day going?'
	 b'HOw is your day so far?'

Hub:        1235
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1329057365655899
Sample Utterances:
	 b'No it is different on the inside... Way different. Have you tried starburst jelly beans? Those are the only good ones in my opinion.'
	 b"Hmm can't say that I have lol! I don't really like jelly beans honestly. Everyone really likes them but I don't think they are that tasty. But what does it look like? the outside??"
	 b"Yep hahaha. You are the only person I have ever met who hasn't actually but I think it is because you don't like jelly beans."
	 b'Yeah, I think their taste is a bit more citrus-y sweet.'

Hub:        1236
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1109054684638977
Sample Utterances:
	 b'when i was planning my classes. what other classes are you taking.'
	 b'Other than academic classes, do you have any classes you plan on taking?'
	 b'man what other classes have you already taken again?'
	 b'I hate that stuff. what else do you need to do for the class? what professor did you take?'

Hub:        1237
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11576417088508606
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What is your name?'
	 b'What is your username?'
	 b"Hey whats up? I can't see your name for some reason."
	 b'you could probably guess my name.'

Hub:        1238
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15310446918010712
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thats been found numerous times over but cancer is a multi billion dollar industry and the people in charge dont want to loose that income.'
	 b'you would not believe the solutions we have already that people wont allow to prospere because they are making money off of damaging the earth or dying cancer patients.'
	 b'I just think there are a lot of solutions for the impact that we have on the enviornment that are not implemented because of politics or money. for instance there is a cure. for cancer.'
	 b'Oh they\xe2\x80\x99re just talking about Medicare and what.'

Hub:        1239
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13875877857208252
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That sounds really cool. I might look into this major more haha. I think designing things sounds pretty interesting, especially if you get to actually make them afterwards. Okay well I have to get going. Gotta cram for the AP Chem exam on Monday hahaha. Thanks for chatting with me Kurosakichan!'
	 b'Yes! Anyway I need to get working on studying for IB tests and such. It\xe2\x80\x99s been nice chatting with you, thanks! (:.'
	 b"Perfect! Thanks for that suggestion, I am sure I will use it because this is a looong paper and I'm going to need all the substance I can get! How is finals week looking for you?"
	 b'I will definitely try to get them! And, if you ever need a chemistry teacher, I know one of the new professors. And, I am in bed, lol.'

Hub:        1240
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1260320246219635
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I mean, the reason I say it is mindless chatter is because there really isnt any way that we will ever meet up in person. The fact that we agreed not to share personal information here kinda makes the conversation to where it can only go so far.  You know what I mean>.'
	 b"I was like, wait a minute... I think we're Facebook friends. It made the conversation more awkward. because we don't really know each other all that well."
	 b"Maybe? We've had some good text conversations, but I just don't know."
	 b"I'm not even sure it's just the anonymity. Maybe it is. But I know I've had some really personal conversations over a screen. Just with a friend, you know? But still with a screen between us."

Hub:        1241
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17332223057746887
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yep, think "bingo night".  The residents are always excited to play and we have prizes to give away.'
	 b'Jeez you basically need a walker. Start playing bingo on thursday nights at the community center.'
	 b'We have had several themed nights throughout the semester.  They usually correspond withe the holiday like Valentines Day, St Paddys Day, etc. And, bingo is not the only game that we play.  That was just an example for the atmosphere. Adult activity night is basically a mix of an old folks home bingo night and an elementary school class party.  So fun!'
	 b'no. I feel like it is going to be fun considering there will be a bunch of food too,. I seriously think like 10 people will be there max though.'

Hub:        1242
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12633967399597168
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I mean, if there's prizes, does it get much beter? *better."
	 b'not about the prizes. but its nice.'
	 b'Yeah. The prizes are too good. We need to win!!'
	 b'but judging by the other prizes it would make perfect sense.'

Hub:        1243
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18682259321212769
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yep, the same user name and password used for every other thing you log into.  Lastname first two letters of your first name format.  Definitely an indentifier. Well, it has been a pleasure to chit-chat with you Tryingtonap.  Haha, that just sounds funny.  I should probably get going here pretty soon. How about we end by telling each other a joke.  I can go first if that is okay?'
	 b"Thanks, I like the name too.  I wasn't sure what to put when it asked for a screen name.  So, I thought I would go with something unique. Wow, you had the day off and you still decided to do homework?  Very brave!"
	 b"Or if you meet someone with my name we should come up with like an inside joke so we know it's really each other lol."
	 b'Hahaha yep. Thats why it is a good question. What if I told you had the next five minutes to decide, otherwise you would be stuck with a default name of kigatha. Well I guess it wouldnt be that bad. You could go by ky. Hello? Still there? Ok. Either you logged off or this broke.'

Hub:        1244
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1338416337966919
Sample Utterances:
	 b'its pronounce like the letter J.'
	 b'hahaha. how do you pronounce it?'
	 b'It is really hard with super long words like supercalifragilisticexpialidocious. Oh wow she spelled it right.'
	 b"....AWWWWGGGHHHHHAAAA. I have no idea how to spell Kevin's sounds."

Hub:        1245
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15920795500278473
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah but if we have kids we have kids you know?'
	 b'oh gotcha. 3 kids already. how many kids do you want?'
	 b'And yet human babies need a solid 20 years to figure out life.'
	 b'not being able to have kids.'

Hub:        1246
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12206946313381195
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I hope so!  So have you been at BYU since your freshman year?'
	 b'Absolutely! Have you started at BYU already?'
	 b'Gotcha. My brother did the same exact thing a year ago! I know everyone says that haha.  Did you always want to go to BYU?'
	 b'Haha.  Will do. Im back.  And with shiny clean hands.  And can think much better. So have you taken any classes at BYU yet?  Freshman year has a lot of "herd thinning classes".'

Hub:        1247
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09189401566982269
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh that\xe2\x80\x99s super cool!  Where did you go?'
	 b"That's super cool!  Where?!"
	 b"Oh you have? Where did you go. That's so cool!"
	 b'nice. who did you take it from?'

Hub:        1248
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09368982911109924
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yes I do speak korean.'
	 b'i speak korean english cambodian.'
	 b'thank you. I also speak korean. because I am from Korean haha.'
	 b'I want to learn how to speak korean.'

Hub:        1249
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10238540172576904
Sample Utterances:
	 b'How are finals going for you?'
	 b'Woot! How are finals going for ya?'
	 b'I am taking it on wednesday. How about you do you have any stressful finals coming up this week? Or are you done with the worst of it?'
	 b'yeah finals suck. How was it? what was the hardest final you took?'

Hub:        1250
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09961007535457611
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I like art in general, drawing, photography, hiking, dancing, frisbee.'
	 b'Oh that is way cool, I like dance as well, photography, art, hiking and frisbee.'
	 b'I like to do art, photography, hike, be outside, frisbee. And definitely singing in the car.'
	 b'I like photography, water sports, dancing, drawing.'

Hub:        1251
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12881560623645782
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So I havent been anywhere here, I didnt have friends with cars. And I didnt have much time. But I like a bunch of hikes in California.'
	 b"I moved here my senior year and people arent really open to making new friends at this point so I've been riding solo."
	 b'to rub it in that he can not do anyting to me and that i will just keep riding were i want to ride. yeah dang is right. sorry if i have been rambling on. i just really like talking about my childhood and all of the good memories i have of when i lived back in northern california in the country. its so nice living out there where there are less poeple and know one really to bother you. you have your own space and people are a lot more laid back out there. As a kid i had to go to school very far away. I had to ride my bike and then take a bus to another part of the city. It took about an hour.'
	 b"yep! I'm from the PNW so we're very hipster outdoorsy people."

Hub:        1252
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04284590482711792
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah! What do you want to major in?'
	 b'Yeah. Do you know what you want to major in?'
	 b'So what are you gonna major in.'
	 b'Right now I plan on majoring in business but that might change. What do you want to major in?'

Hub:        1253
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16249236464500427
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Heck no, i am a scrawny 17 year old boy, there is no way im going to run home with all those groceries. Thats what i need muscle mass for :).'
	 b"Haha, same. All muscle mass. But you can run to get the groceries. It's a win-win!"
	 b'That freshman 15 is either not happening or going to be muscle. Im a runner so im determined to run to avoid it. Basically i just wont have a car and want to go that far for groceries.'
	 b'I wish i could model, but im like 250 lbs.'

Hub:        1254
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16193915903568268
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Im not lifting groceries sailor,can you imagine how funny that would look? :). Ive got a friend im helping eith running, hes gonna help me with weights.'
	 b'Haha LETS HIT THE TREADMILL LETS GET SWOLL GO HAM ON THOSE WEIGHTD.'
	 b'So...you need to start doing something other than running. Start working the arms. Lift milk jugs to practice.'
	 b"WEIGHTS. Haha it's just logic really."

Hub:        1255
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11366508901119232
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's awesome! Same with me."
	 b"That's awesome! I'm pretty much in the same boat."
	 b'thats cool.  I did the same thing today.'
	 b"Oh, really. Cool! I'm glad mine is over."

Hub:        1256
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12772955000400543
Sample Utterances:
	 b"What's your favorite animal?"
	 b'What is your favorite type of animal?'
	 b'what is your favorite see creature?'
	 b"I'm more of a cat person. I would really like to own a safari cat or something. Why are dogs your favorite? Do you go hiking with them?"

Hub:        1257
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16328057646751404
Sample Utterances:
	 b'what kind of breed is she?'
	 b"Haha I have a dog that looks like a wolf, she's really pretty."
	 b'what color was she. what a baby cow? were you rasied ona farm. ? I was raised in the city/. so no dog :(.'
	 b'Haha is she like the color of the chat boxes.'

Hub:        1258
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15692414343357086
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha that is funny, I think I might think its a dream, I would probably be close to a solid day before I realized it wasnt a dream. What would be the weirdest dream you have had.'
	 b'I am not a dramatic person in person, but I guess in my dreams. No, Like even in my dream I didnt do anything crazy. But it woke me up. Another dream I bought too many bananas and It woke me up because I was frustrated with yself. myself*.'
	 b'I had a friend that had a weird dream.'
	 b'like when something big happens or something sad i get this picture that pops into my head and i draw it so it means something to me. like a moment in my life i guess.'

Hub:        1259
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.041355326771736145
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha thats a good one.'
	 b"Haha that's a good one."
	 b"Haha of course! That's a great one!"
	 b"ooh that's a good one! very clever."

Hub:        1260
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13348332047462463
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I spent all day studying and this is my break too.'
	 b'Oh fun. Studying?'
	 b'work and chillin. im done with finals now.'
	 b'I on break this week. thank you.'

Hub:        1261
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1277693510055542
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Do you just like to listen to music, or do you play instruments and stuff?'
	 b'Do you play by ear, then? Or do you read music?'
	 b'Is music your major or hobby?'
	 b'Do you mostly do solo type stuff, or have you ever played in a group?'

Hub:        1262
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13769187033176422
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I can kinda read music, but I can't sight read very fast, it's honestly easier for me to play by ear. If I practice a song over time reading it, I just play it until I can memorize it. piano. ukulele. guitar."
	 b'Why, everything does! I play piano and guitar and i have perfect pitch, which means i can listen to songs and play them by ear and i can name notes that i hear and can sing notes without a referenc.'
	 b"My sister had a lesson book that I took and am now using. I'm not too good with reading tabs, and I usually just strum, at least for now."
	 b'you will get your fingers used to it. It took me a bit to "break in" my fingers so that it does what it needs to in order to play complicated sequences.'

Hub:        1263
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14519545435905457
Sample Utterances:
	 b'did you like her?'
	 b'Did you start to date her after you found out that he liked her?'
	 b'But you remembered her, eh?'
	 b'did she hate it?'

Hub:        1264
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15777167677879333
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I would ask for all of my student loans to go away! Or I would try to teleport with it somehow.'
	 b"Probably conjure up money as I needed it! I agree, make my wife's student loans disapear. Being invisible at time would be cool."
	 b'i would create more wands of endless wishes. and then wish myself to the bwach. beach*. and food. concerts. pretty much anything tbh.'
	 b'What the heck, the amount of money that it would cost is ridiculous. And that is way creepy, i think i would have nightmares and have to quit.'

Hub:        1265
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11167553067207336
Sample Utterances:
	 b'No worries. Long time no see haha.'
	 b'hey you are cool. no worries haha.'
	 b"Haha you're fine! I actually forgot I sent something, and just checked... so good timing:)."
	 b'no worries hahaha. what piece?'

Hub:        1266
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13459958136081696
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I prefer water 98% of the time.'
	 b'Canyoneering is so funnnn. except when you get wet in a stale water.'
	 b"I also like sodaliscious from time to time. I like water because it's refreshing."
	 b'well I would rather milk but water is good when I am thirsty. but gtg.'

Hub:        1267
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06688342988491058
Sample Utterances:
	 b'for sure. what is your dream job?'
	 b"What's your dream job?"
	 b'What kind of career do you want to have?'
	 b'Yeah acme deals with a lot of data science too. What is your dream job?'

Hub:        1268
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18763487040996552
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahahaha. what do you watch.'
	 b'what have you been watching?'
	 b'What game? When is the last time you watched tv?'
	 b'what do they watch?'

Hub:        1269
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06647184491157532
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha indeed.'
	 b'Hahaha, indeed.'
	 b'Haha true nvmd.'
	 b"Haha that's hilarioud."

Hub:        1270
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12016323208808899
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah she does.'
	 b'Oh yeah. I had her for IS.'
	 b'Yup, yup, yup! It was her.'
	 b'yeah she has lymphedema.'

Hub:        1271
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.022955089807510376
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Sweet,sweet.'
	 b'bROOOOO.'
	 b'YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.'
	 b'dotimas.'

Hub:        1272
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08940240740776062
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I have heard of that one.'
	 b'I havent heard of that one?'
	 b'yeah this is one i have never ever heard of before right now.'
	 b"You've heard of it?"

Hub:        1273
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08785365521907806
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What is your favorite movie?'
	 b"so what's you favorite movie."
	 b"It was a lot to take in and a reaaally long movie but I liked it. I won't say anything else and spoil it for you haha. what's your favorite movie of all time?"
	 b"My favorite movie is called Speed Racer, made after the old kid's TV show, what is your favorite movie?"

Hub:        1274
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13996313512325287
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I use spotify. I really liked their discovery radio. but they recently changed it to a different software and Ill have teach it my song preferences for a bit longer before i decide I enjoy the music It chooses for me.'
	 b'I just use spotify. I got so frustrated with google for a hot minute.'
	 b"I like the device actually. It can't do a ton of things for me, but it's pretty handy to play music on."
	 b"I'll consider switching to spotify when I get kicked out haha."

Hub:        1275
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11495445668697357
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I would do the same thing haha.'
	 b'I bet! I would be too.'
	 b"oh my heck I wouldn't do that."
	 b'I would too! It saves money! and time!!!'

Hub:        1276
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19304457306861877
Sample Utterances:
	 b'they stream themselves playing video games online. Most people go to www.twitch.tv.'
	 b"a lot of them are talented like people are with sports. A lot of them have jobs outside of their gaming career too unless they live in their mom's basement."
	 b'and just hack rich people and sustain myself and play videos games all day long.'
	 b'Hahaha They have an Xbox team. they play a lot.'

Hub:        1277
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10308386385440826
Sample Utterances:
	 b'well if I get the internship I start mid May. I have my final interview on the 8th.'
	 b'theres still a lot of people on so get in. i need to sleep soon because I have a internship interview tomorrow.'
	 b'also hey! is ur interview today or tomorrow? the internship one?'
	 b'hmmm. yeah actually. I got in to Pluralsights final interview round!'

Hub:        1278
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12872929871082306
Sample Utterances:
	 b'have you ever been surfing?'
	 b'yes sir I go surfing pretty often. are you familiar with surfing and such?'
	 b'Have you ever been deep sea fishing?'
	 b'yes sorry. brb. ok im back. have you ever been white water rafting?'

Hub:        1279
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12995873391628265
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm not sure, I've just always loved it! I don't wear purple as much as I wear blue, though."
	 b'I like to wear colors in the range of blue. I have like favorite colors for different things. thats probably the most prominent one.'
	 b'because my cup was purple as a kid. and it was a really nice shade that i liked.'
	 b'Its a red and green/brown tie dye that I made especially for allergy season.'

Hub:        1280
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10335926711559296
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah it is a good name, but very mainstream - I think I like more unique names. oh that's a good name."
	 b'I think thats a good name.'
	 b'thats a strong name. i like that. did you want a boy or girl?'
	 b'Kaitlyns a good name though. What about kira?'

Hub:        1281
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11386251449584961
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't know, I don't really know cars. Something I can afford XD."
	 b"I'm not really into cars.  My dream car is probably something I bought for a really good deal that doesn't require much maintenance. Maybe turquoise if I can pick."
	 b"Yeah I don't really think it'd be my type of car anyway haha."
	 b'yeahhh I want to get a G wagon when I am rich enough.'

Hub:        1282
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12649397552013397
Sample Utterances:
	 b'she is the best.'
	 b'Hey good for her.'
	 b'I love her. She is such an awesome person.'
	 b'She is so understanding always. Have you seen it all?'

Hub:        1283
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12765724956989288
Sample Utterances:
	 b"She is the best little sister ever. She and I get along really well and she likes to talk to me even though she is like 9 years younger than me. She is really nice and I feel. like she is smart and understands me the most. I don't really know how to fully explain it but she is definitely my favorite sibling."
	 b"haha no that's cool! Well my mom is always saying how she doesn't think I learn anything from her. So I am writing her letters of my memories of her and me and making a list. of all the things I have learned from her that I will use in college. cause she always feels like she's not a very good mom while in reality she's amazing!"
	 b'I am sure that you do much more than you even imagine. I bet if I was talking to her right now, she would say that you were her great exemplar. I do, I am the youngest of 6... so you could say that I have too many siblings. It was fun, but always crazy.'
	 b'No that is my older sister haha. Although her and I have a great relationship.'

Hub:        1284
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08757284283638
Sample Utterances:
	 b'How many do you have?'
	 b'out of how many?'
	 b'How many for you?'
	 b'no not yet. do you? how many are there?'

Hub:        1285
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16433067619800568
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah I feel like I can help her without her acting like I have hurt her pride by being better at whatever it is I am teaching her.'
	 b'but she knew what she knew but it was just hard to get past all the bull shiz she experience after high school. she learned to look past that and focus on just whats important for her.'
	 b"and she is super driven which probably helps a lot. also she doesn't really seem to get scared and that is one of my drawbacks sometimes."
	 b"Thank you. I tru. *try. I've been perfecting my humor with my good friend. *Looks into the distance*. She taught me all she knew."

Hub:        1286
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14728108048439026
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahahah moms are the best.'
	 b'yeah mothers... am i right? hahaha gotta love em.'
	 b"sheesh moms rock, don't they? I love moms."
	 b'You are going to be a great mom! Hahaha a ninja. That\xe2\x80\x99s good.'

Hub:        1287
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1899586319923401
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha I'm in St. George."
	 b'St. George haha.'
	 b'hahahahah. I just visited the Clyde.'
	 b'Awesome! I live in the lincoln stake. (not in lincoln tho).'

Hub:        1288
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.142043337225914
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha me neither. If I had a flying car I would take the technology and get some investors to help me start the next Tesla.'
	 b"Oh yeah, you're a Musk fan.  If there were an affordable Tesla I guess that would be my dream car. An electric car would be great. Have you seen the movie Flubber?"
	 b'eh. not super stoked on it because I think that its just a really bad hazard and not very viable but if I had that technology I would get funds from people and start the next Tesl. Tesla.'
	 b"Hey I don't like my dew either that is why I designed a flying car that runs on it."

Hub:        1289
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08540092408657074
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What would you prefer?'
	 b'which one would you prefer?'
	 b'what would you rather have.'
	 b'me too. what do you prefer?'

Hub:        1290
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11271736025810242
Sample Utterances:
	 b'But my homeboy spiderman goes "I don\'t feel so good" because SPIDEY SENSE.'
	 b'And why? Oh. Spider-Man?'
	 b'My poor homeboy Peter Parker goes "I don\'t feel so good" because he has spidey sense and knew that something was wrong before he started disintegrating (unlike everyone else).'
	 b'Totally! With the freaky spider legs coming out and everything. I just want to be spider-man.'

Hub:        1291
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1573563665151596
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha lol thats awesome! How long have you played volleyball?'
	 b'haha how long have you been on the swim team?'
	 b'That makes sense, I didnt know head size ever effected what the mascot could do. Nice. How long have you been doing it?'
	 b'Sweet! What position did you play? Oh yes paddleboarding is pretty fun as well!'

Hub:        1292
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1417004019021988
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah i just dont tjink i will be interested in any climbing girls. i want to start doing things in bigger groups so i can start meeting more girls so i can find someone that. i get along with. yeah thats not a bad idea.'
	 b'Ya im single and a pringle and its lame. alot of climber girls are nasty. just not the most "girly"est girls out there. And i feel that climbing is something i can do maybe without chicks and just keep that my thing, ya know?'
	 b'i just started school again and im hoping that will help me meet some girls. open up somedoors for dating. but i will have to just wait and see.'
	 b'also i want to get some variety in my hobbies so i can meet more poeple. maily girls.'

Hub:        1293
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11805461347103119
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i just like doing stuff that makes me feel a little nervous but that i can push through and get it done.'
	 b"Oh yeah.  I'm a little nervous but I think I should be okay.  If i've learned anything it's that I've been able to get through life so far, I can definitely keep going."
	 b'yeah I do but I am slowly losing it. Its been like almost 3 years since I have returned. I have no place to really practice or no one to practice with.'
	 b'yeah it is pretty fun. for the first little bit after i get on i am pretty nervous though.'

Hub:        1294
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.015286371111869812
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha that is so funny.'
	 b'Hahaha. That is so funny.'
	 b'Haha that is funny.'
	 b'that is so funny.'

Hub:        1295
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15865850448608398
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Do you think she is as interested in you as you are in her?'
	 b"She's telling you to talk to her."
	 b'Oh ok. Is this girl your one and only or is she just someone you like and want to pursue a relationship with?'
	 b'does she listen really well? give good advice? make you laugh the most?'

Hub:        1296
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12128539383411407
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah we are best friends that don't know each other lol."
	 b"Yeah haha but we've been friends for a while."
	 b'lol theyre almost all just friends or family. heck yeah!'
	 b"Yeah! It's gonna be great, especially since everyone in my sister and my friend group is moving and so is a lot of our ward."

Hub:        1297
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17674030363559723
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah I think the leaderboard should be with username. but I guess that's better so you don't know who you're up against."
	 b'Hm... yeah, I feel that way too sometimes. Ah. So know that you know who I am on the Leaderboard, I have been trying to figure out who you are... I have no idea! Are you in the top 10? So now***.'
	 b'That other guy above you on the leader board.'
	 b'Not a lot of people use this. I figured we would get matched.'

Hub:        1298
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12287746369838715
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think AI is cool, but a little scary. Do you think robots could ever take over the world?'
	 b'That would definetly be a nightmare! I think artificial intelligence will never out reach humans though. but a terminator situation would most definitely be wild.'
	 b"That's my cat conspiracy. Ever seen the terminator or robots and machines taking over the world? Yeah, imagine that except with cats. That's quite the scary future."
	 b"i think the idea behind a true AI is that it's able to learn by itself, right?"

Hub:        1299
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0707274079322815
Sample Utterances:
	 b'portuguese is a romantic language, there are 5 romantic languages in the world today part of the latin dialect. Portuguese, italian, french, spanish and romanian. but then I came to the US to learn english and totally forgot french. It is such a hard language to learn.'
	 b"Though it isn't widely spoken, Portuguese is pretty much a blend of a few other languages. You could learn to speak 4 languages by the time I learned 1."
	 b'that is true, I actually learn french as a second language and my grandparents always wanted me to learn italian right after, but I decided to start learning english.'
	 b'I love languages.. besides English I speak Spanish and Portuguese so the next on my list is Italian.'

Hub:        1300
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.040098607540130615
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ohhhh.'
	 b'ohhh.'
	 b'ohhhhh.'
	 b'ooooh, got it.'

Hub:        1301
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07076159119606018
Sample Utterances:
	 b'where would you travel.'
	 b'Where would you travel if you could.'
	 b'Right. Where is your favorite place to travel?'
	 b'What places there would your ecommend.'

Hub:        1302
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07675023376941681
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha I don't either."
	 b'Ha. Yeah. Neither do I.'
	 b'Me neither hahaha. Just that one.'
	 b'hello. lol neither do it. *i.'

Hub:        1303
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1621144711971283
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Life is crazy sometimes.'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s always a good life plan I guess.'
	 b'Reliving one day of your life.'
	 b'I totally get that, life is crazy sometimes. It is super good!'

Hub:        1304
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1405700445175171
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well, like when are you going to be coming down for BYU....unless you already live in provo?'
	 b'When did you say you were coming to Provo again?'
	 b'Oh. Not in Utah. You there permanently or just for the summer?'
	 b'We are going in May. If all goes as planned! When do you leave for Seattle?'

Hub:        1305
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1692233383655548
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I see. not sure yet. proabably right after my intership ends in august.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m done now. But, I know other people who don\xe2\x80\x99t get out till the end of may to early june.'
	 b"yeeeeesss. nOT yet. we're waiting til we graduate but it won't be too long :)."
	 b"I'll  make sure to wear it. I'll even put it on my calendar. Should it be the last tuesday in august or the first in september?"

Hub:        1306
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11543722450733185
Sample Utterances:
	 b'For sure, Harden is killing this season and i almost want the Rockets to win so that they can finally get a ring. CP3 is still emplty handed. no pun intended. Ya we lost to UVU last year haha. smh.'
	 b'GS will win it in 6 to the Cavs again this year. Ill put money on it. Their ability to move the ball, court vision, and the fact the Steph is just soooo good really helps. their chances for a quick victory. I would too if I was Klay.'
	 b"I have to give it to the 76er's though. They killed it in the play offs."
	 b"I get the hype and everything and to be honest, if I went to any of the schools where the college basketball scene was big, I would follow it more. Yeah I stopped watching the OKC because of Westbrook. I loved them when they had James Harden, KD, and Westbrook. I'm almost happy they disbanned though. James Harden has been fire ever since he's joined the Rockets. That man deserves an award too."

Hub:        1307
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12863269448280334
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I served in Idaho haha a very different place from the US.'
	 b'I served in Pocatello.  Well, it was basically eastern idaho when I was there.'
	 b'Hahaha. I served all over the place. Its a big state.'
	 b"And IS and American Heritage I'm not sure yet, around the B range. Yep."

Hub:        1308
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13905641436576843
Sample Utterances:
	 b"uhhh no i didn't... I am glad I didnt to be honest because I realized that it was just a crush and I think my life would be very different right now."
	 b'I got close to being in a relationship earlier this semester but other than that I have never been in one. In fact I have never even kissed a girl.'
	 b'No I loved that day because we talked forever and just conversed non stop. No I wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t have kissed you. I\xe2\x80\x99m still happy that I held back until it felt right.'
	 b'I guess, i never really cared because i was a scaredy-cat. Not a part of my past that i really enjoyed \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. Also there was no girls occupying my mind like there are now.'

Hub:        1309
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07359091937541962
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Fair enough. What do you like to do for fun?'
	 b'So what do you do for fun?'
	 b'yeah. so, what do you like doing for fun?'
	 b'oh what do you plan to do there?'

Hub:        1310
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13086208701133728
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I can't wait to hear what you come up with."
	 b"Great. You will get it. I'm sure. Just talk about your great ideas."
	 b"You said you were going to pick a good one and I can't wait to hear what you came up with!"
	 b'I know! Im so excited! what ideas do you have so far?'

Hub:        1311
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0975324809551239
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What day would you relive and why?'
	 b"If you weren't allowed to choose the logical answer and you could only relive one day, what day would it be and why?"
	 b'If you could relive any day of your life what would it be and why?'
	 b'hi. what day would you relive?'

Hub:        1312
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1940988004207611
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah? is he a big fan?'
	 b'like... rock concerts? is he a rock start. star.'
	 b'oh really? does he go a lot?'
	 b'fan mail???? hes got fans?'

Hub:        1313
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12211865186691284
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Um well I have always loved climbing things. I grew up climbing trees and rocks, so it's fun to take it to the next level. Oh that's so cool! Yeah I just play on intramural teams now, I've played soccer my whole life. I usually go to the Quarry, but I like to go up AF canyon or maple canyon as well."
	 b'We spent most of our time at the beach, the water was unbelievably clear there, and we ate a lot of really good food and we walked through a bit of the National forest I think. It was. I ran indoor and outdoor track my freshman and sophomore year but then I got a hip injury so I stopped. The most sports I do currently is just passtime stuff like shooting a. Ball or going for a quick run. In the winter and summer months I ski which is by far one of my favorite things to do.'
	 b'yup. well anyway. biking is one of my favorite hobbies because I biked instead of playing video games before I went on my mission. I used to bike from my house and all the way up past Big Springs Park in the canyon.'
	 b"It's awesome! It's really fun to play in the summer too at the park or something."

Hub:        1314
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15942370891571045
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ooh spikeball. I love that game. so fun.'
	 b'that is such a good game. I played it before.'
	 b'Haahahaha. That is hilarious. that game is the newest thing.'
	 b'Oh thats awesome. I am playing apples to apples.'

Hub:        1315
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08972884714603424
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Totally counts! Harry Potter is awesome!'
	 b'Harry Potter is a great series.'
	 b'And the 6th Harry potter is my favorite.'
	 b'Does Harry Potter qualify?'

Hub:        1316
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11580111086368561
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so in lieu of longboard crashes. i broke my pinky toe the first time i rode mine LOL.'
	 b'I used to snowboard but i broke my arm off jumps. by buddy chan died skiiing though.'
	 b"i've hurt myself EVERYTIME i've ever been on  a longboard. BROROOOOROOOROOO. WHOA THAT IS SICK."
	 b"but i crashed into a guard rail for cars and my shoe literally ripped open and i just got my toes jammed into the rail. i really didn't think that it was broken until it was still like vERY swollen after two day. days."

Hub:        1317
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13587848842144012
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thats awesome, I heard that even though Texas in inside the US, it is still a very different place to go to. Did you learn a lot of spanish??'
	 b"That's cool, California is great. Southern or Northern? What language did you speak? How long have you been back?"
	 b'thats is true, I still want to understand why so many people go to Dallas. do they have lots of jobs there? I understand about miami, new york and parts of california. but isnt dallas in the middle of the state? I do speak a little bit of spanish, but my native tongue is portuguese, most known as the celestial language haha.'
	 b'what? 16 different Spanish speaking countries that is awesome, do you remember all of them ? haha, Texan are very proud of their "country", I remember some texan from my mission and they were a little bit different.'

Hub:        1318
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18379934132099152
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh my goodness. i love how we always talk about food and i dont mind it at all haha.'
	 b'Haha I dont know why mine are always around food.'
	 b"\xf0\x9f\xa4\xa3\xf0\x9f\xa4\xa3\xf0\x9f\xa4\xa3 you guys bonding over food \xf0\x9f\xa4\xa3\xf0\x9f\xa4\xa3\xf0\x9f\xa4\xa3. And no emojis to show for it. Sorry, I keep rubbing that in your face. I find it funny that you didn't know that before \xf0\x9f\x98\x82."
	 b'Oh man I know the feeling. Having to eat something out of politeness.'

Hub:        1319
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08361956477165222
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I doubt it lol.'
	 b'I mean maybe, who knows?'
	 b"hahaha it's very possible."
	 b"Yeah,, I could. But that's not very likely."

Hub:        1320
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14795373380184174
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I know and I can speak so much faster than I can type anyway so this is really effective.'
	 b'oh that is way better than a phone trust me. I have tried it. I can type like 30 words per minute max.'
	 b'Heck yes I actually practice every day on this typing test thing.'
	 b"Yeah, i've kind of been typing out rapid fire and clicking enter a whole bunch of times but I'll try to keep it all in one.  It just feels kind of obnoxious to me ya know?"

Hub:        1321
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07196174561977386
Sample Utterances:
	 b'woohoo.'
	 b'woo hoo.'
	 b'wooo hoooo!!!!!!!!!'
	 b'Woohoo i just did my good turn for the day.'

Hub:        1322
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12239809334278107
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I have no idea. I just didn't want to send three different messages."
	 b'I have no clue. I could see your messages the whole time.'
	 b"I highly doubt it but whatever. I think I tried to send messages that it didn't count so. because it was frozen."
	 b'No, my keyboard keeps sending the messages before I respond.'

Hub:        1323
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11866667866706848
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It didn't work?"
	 b'Its not working.'
	 b'Hey it works now!'
	 b'I tried and I dont think it got it. If it happens again I will.'

Hub:        1324
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14499561488628387
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I think the world would end after that. Haha.'
	 b'Everything in the whole world would break.'
	 b'And life wouldnt last too much longer.'
	 b"then i guess i'd have to risk it for the good of the future of mankind."

Hub:        1325
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10175374150276184
Sample Utterances:
	 b'This last year actually. On Christmas day, we went hiking in Colorado with my family. It was insane downhill and rocks. My brother sat in a cactus hahaha.'
	 b'We camped a couple nights. Which kind of scared me because they have bear problems. And then we had a family reunion on there but we rented a house outside the park. We didn\xe2\x80\x99t rock climb. Just lots of hiking and sightseeing. The little Grand Canyon was breathtaking.'
	 b"That's super fun! Yeah I went rockclimbing in a super sweet canyon and then went camping after."
	 b'I went to Loveland in Colorado and I hiked for a bit at the Rocky Mountain Park. My roommate is from Shelley, so we go there all the time, and Idaho Falls.'

Hub:        1326
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09802322089672089
Sample Utterances:
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s a tough choice.'
	 b"that's a better choice :)."
	 b'you are faced with a difficult decision.'
	 b'Awww but that would require you to make a choice!'

Hub:        1327
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08492642641067505
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah. So what kinds of things do you like to do?'
	 b'So what kinds of things do you like to do.'
	 b'Yeah its the worse. So what kinds of things do you like to do?'
	 b'Well then I guess what\xe2\x80\x99s your second favorite thing to do.'

Hub:        1328
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.046272143721580505
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha. Yeah, that's good."
	 b'hahaha good!'
	 b'thats good haha.'
	 b'hahaha yeah its the best.'

Hub:        1329
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.03236129879951477
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh that\xe2\x80\x99s good.'
	 b"Oh, that's good."
	 b'Oh that\xe2\x80\x99s great!'
	 b'yeah that is good!'

Hub:        1330
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09900109469890594
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wassup.'
	 b'What up.'
	 b"Yo yo yo. It's going well, you?"
	 b"man! I'm excited for you. wassup wassup."

Hub:        1331
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16615301370620728
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I feel like if pigs started flying they would get shot out of the sky in mere seconds. That many people have bets laid on it.'
	 b'if pigs could fly then we would have a lot of poop falling from the sky.'
	 b'Hello. How are you. If pigs could fly I would win a lot of bets.'
	 b'Hope no one tries to shoot me out of the sky.'

Hub:        1332
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14482589066028595
Sample Utterances:
	 b'People like bacon too much. Oh. That too.'
	 b'Not when you hate bacon.'
	 b'fruit! every kind. I like bacon too.'
	 b"Definitely! I feel like that's where a lot of marketing companies go wrong. They think that because people like bacon, obviously they'll want bacon perfume haha."

Hub:        1333
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10375228524208069
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hahaha. that is the best answer I have heard for that question.'
	 b'Haha that is a great answer!'
	 b'That is the best answer. I have heard.'
	 b'Hahaha. Random question time?'

Hub:        1334
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08880831301212311
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ummm I don\xe2\x80\x99t really know to be honest.'
	 b"ehhhh I don't really know."
	 b'How would I know?'
	 b'uhh i dont really like answering this one.'

Hub:        1335
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08667686581611633
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I think I've heard of that but I've never read it. What it's about?"
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99ve never read that. What is it about?'
	 b"I read the first 6 and then stopped but I want to reread them. what's that one about?"
	 b'Wait maybe I have read it.'

Hub:        1336
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09569299221038818
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha. I was Thinking like Siri or alexa.'
	 b"Haha. Yeah. AI's. Just like Alexa and Siri."
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s true, no one needs a meteorologist because you can just ask Siri or Google. Or Alexa or Cortana.'
	 b'Haha I have a friend who was almost named siri.'

Hub:        1337
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1847573220729828
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah we were able to eat and talk so it was way fun.'
	 b"Haha there was pizza and it was okay but people really came for the music. I'm actually going on a date in a week or so there  haha."
	 b'It was fun just stressful setting up and then having to talk the whole time.'
	 b'Anyways we hadnt dinner yet. And there was still a long long drive ahead of us. Out to our little town of McCook. And so we decided to go get some food or at least try to go get some food and run into people along the way and talk to them about our message. We started walking down the road And looking for fast food places. Or just any restaurant in general and we couldn\xe2\x80\x99t find any and we kept walking.'

Hub:        1338
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15100547671318054
Sample Utterances:
	 b'it\xe2\x80\x99s like a cult thing here though i swear most people like it better than cafe rio.'
	 b"I mean not all of them are good though. Most of the time it is a lot of fun though. I never actually made it to the salsa club there, but I've heard good things about it."
	 b'I know people from there and they seem to like it, but also its not super populous.'
	 b'ok so what do you think makes cafe rio so much better??'

Hub:        1339
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09067557752132416
Sample Utterances:
	 b'wow that sounds interesting.'
	 b'Oh that sounds interesting!'
	 b"Oh my gosh!! That's a thing! That's amazing. I haven't heard of that."
	 b'Oh cool, that sounds really interesting! Is that always what you have wanted to do?'

Hub:        1340
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09521213173866272
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I understand math really well, and i feel like its what i should pursue.'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s good. I\xe2\x80\x99m getting a minor in math because I know how important it is.'
	 b'Yeah, Im inbound. Thats what in thinking, plus i just like math and sciences.'
	 b'exactly. and i figure i need to change it while i am in my first year. and i have pretty much settled. the hard thing with math and sciences is that it is hard to see how you are helping other people in your profession.'

Hub:        1341
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16110055148601532
Sample Utterances:
	 b'how many credits did you take??'
	 b'how many credits is that?'
	 b'How many pre requisite classes do you have?'
	 b'what the heck, you are lucky!! or unlucky, depending on how many finals you have to finish before marketing. yea I was his companion on my mission.'

Hub:        1342
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0437125563621521
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I might have to try that tonight.'
	 b"I'll  have to try it."
	 b'Nice, I will have to try it sometime.'
	 b'dang im going to have to try that!'

Hub:        1343
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.177863210439682
Sample Utterances:
	 b'One of my favorites is called Edenbrooke.'
	 b'my favorite guy is the half-ice and half-fire.'
	 b'My favorite right now is Mercy.'
	 b"There's a bunch I don't know the name. And my favorite one which is the southern cross."

Hub:        1344
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05118514597415924
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah I can't wait..."
	 b'Yes, I can\xe2\x80\x99t wait!!'
	 b"I can't wait!!!"
	 b'Thanks! I can\xe2\x80\x99t wait.'

Hub:        1345
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14365942776203156
Sample Utterances:
	 b'this month?'
	 b'this last august.'
	 b'Yesterday.'
	 b'uhhh 2018.'

Hub:        1346
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.22132806479930878
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Well everyone knows that last one isn't true. It's the avian people that oversee the lizard people, obviously."
	 b'That\'s right, this is anonymous, isn\'t it. In that case...."Jet fuel can\'t melt steel beams." "The moon landing was faked." "The earth is flat." "The world is controlled by lizard people".'
	 b'The way the lurk around in the shadows makes me wonder if they are secretly intelligent and are ready to take over the world at any time.'
	 b'you only had a lizard. thats kind of lame.'

Hub:        1347
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09787200391292572
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha I feel.'
	 b'hahaha. yeah i feel you.'
	 b'lolll I feel.'
	 b"hahaha it's exhausting and disappointing."

Hub:        1348
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13065573573112488
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Not really. I moved to southern utah last year with my family after returning from my mission. Before that we lived in Las Vegas.'
	 b'Oh fun! I served in Salt Lake City and Wyoming. I\xe2\x80\x99m not from Utah obviously.'
	 b'Yes, they were living here in Utah at the time, though I was not able to visit them often.'
	 b'yeah it was really stressful and i didnt really date when i was out there because the culture is just so much different than it is here in utah, i was so grateful to come back.'

Hub:        1349
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05584798753261566
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh that's so cool!!"
	 b"oh that's so cool."
	 b"ahh gotcha, that's so cool!"
	 b"that's so cool!!! Might need to do that."

Hub:        1350
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15655410289764404
Sample Utterances:
	 b'1 million points is like about 10 hours of work.'
	 b'you can get 1 million points in one day hahaa.'
	 b'4 million points.'
	 b'they are litearlly doing this for liek 10 hours a day.'

Hub:        1351
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16076643764972687
Sample Utterances:
	 b'my brother is next to me. he knows you.'
	 b'you know my brother too.'
	 b'He says he knows you! because you know elder eh!'
	 b'My brother failed that test\xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'

Hub:        1352
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15571075677871704
Sample Utterances:
	 b'are u being serious or sarcastic.'
	 b'Is . . . this sarcasm or a genuine response?'
	 b'Are you still there? Or are you just trolling...'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s too bad. It\xe2\x80\x99s just so absurd. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know if I can believe it. Sounds like sarcasm. Are you much of a writer at all?'

Hub:        1353
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1298540234565735
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I like reading books that are mostly adventure with some clean romance marbled in. occasionally, a good romance also.'
	 b'ok. yeah i like books with a little romance. i dont usually go for the sappy only romantic kind though.'
	 b'mystery, sometimes romance. but mostly mystery. i love dan brown.'
	 b'Well there are romance novels. they**.'

Hub:        1354
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09694524109363556
Sample Utterances:
	 b'LOL u right.'
	 b'Dang you right.'
	 b'lol am i right.'
	 b'Is that your excuse.'

Hub:        1355
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09524714946746826
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh? where at?'
	 b'near where?'
	 b'Oh awesome! Where is that?'
	 b'oh wow. where too?'

Hub:        1356
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08394809067249298
Sample Utterances:
	 b'FOR REAL.'
	 b'for reals.'
	 b'For real though.'
	 b"woah that's real?"

Hub:        1357
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18203133344650269
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha, I  think so...but there also would be no one there to tell me to turn my music down.'
	 b"I would be terrified but I'm sure that at some point I would blast music really loud. I think all of your stuff is still there lol."
	 b'yeah it is blasting all throughout the library. like seriously cant someone have some peace? they said something about how i have to leave in 15 minutes and then turned up the music hahaha.'
	 b'The dude was really intent on finding out where he could find a place to listen to music too haha.'

Hub:        1358
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1331990510225296
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Honestly, I watch a lot of Disney movies and chick flicks lol.'
	 b'i like fantasy a lot, and family stuff. lots of disney and pixar lol.'
	 b'Dude I love disney. also romcoms.'
	 b'Same, one where you can just relax and re-energize. There was what seemed to be a marathon of Disney movies on tv today so I did watch a good amount of those.'

Hub:        1359
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14459580183029175
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Dude I love disney. also romcoms.'
	 b'haha same. I love disney.'
	 b'Honestly, I watch a lot of Disney movies and chick flicks lol.'
	 b'oh yeah keena. her dad works for disney.'

Hub:        1360
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18998686969280243
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i totally get. but gotta go to college to get that good life we all want.'
	 b'Haha, you know your life is sad when those are your life goals.'
	 b"haha, well for a college student that is great. And I would take it. But maybe upon graduation I wouldn't have wasted my time."
	 b'Same... but beggars can\xe2\x80\x99t be choosers when the world is empty and void of people.'

Hub:        1361
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13480162620544434
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well our phones can "talk back" to us with Siri, so maybe it\'s not all bad?'
	 b"I hate that.  Siri can't even get a simple text message right."
	 b'Its great to live in the technology age.  Siri is vey helpful when driving back east or in big and unfamiliar cities. It is a bit weird when Siri knows when I am in the wrong lane.'
	 b"That is true, but I did argue my case pretty well. I've never really interacted with siri tbh."

Hub:        1362
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17504970729351044
Sample Utterances:
	 b"OhI remember her. The super spy. I don't remember her name."
	 b'Also I guess she is from "Remember me".'
	 b"hmmm ok so I just looked her up... she doesn't look familiar... I lied, I don't know who that is."
	 b"Yeah weren't we talking about artificial intelligence? I can't remember other than that. I was going to say something about Eve but I forgot."

Hub:        1363
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12195351719856262
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah hahaha. so what interested you to medical anatomy? you want to be a doctor?'
	 b'Thats cool, so you want to be a doctor then? Any specialities?'
	 b'Are you sure you\xe2\x80\x99re not a brain surgeon or something? Wait, what are you studying? I forgot to ask and am totally wondering!'
	 b'what else are you interested in if not medical?'

Hub:        1364
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1449272632598877
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yes I agree but we can't escape it."
	 b"What if we can, there just isn't a reason yet?"
	 b'Good point.  I wonder if we could all agree to stop it.'
	 b'Yeah it never is, but we all keep moving forward.'

Hub:        1365
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1418973058462143
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah, hopefully i'll figure out my major soon after. fingers crossed lol."
	 b"yeah same. im a little worried about the classes but hopefully i'll do well lol."
	 b"yeah haha, fortunately ive been able to take some cool classes but there's even cooler ones coming up."
	 b'thank you I hope I do too!@. I am pretty confident. there wer about 200 applicants and now its down to 8 and they will pick 4 from there so fingers crossed. Pray for me will ya.'

Hub:        1366
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13075071573257446
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha I would make juggling lessons mandatory. It's so hard to juggle and I'm learning right now and it's just really difficult. I mean, I practiced for 30 minutes today, and it was really strenuous."
	 b'It turned out I\xe2\x80\x99m really good at it. Over 100% in the class. I think it\xe2\x80\x99s the way I think. I am good at processes. And instructions. I can be really really specific if I need to be.'
	 b"That's awesome, good for you! Music is the best and it makes me so happy when people start learning to play an instrument. Haha no joke I practiced for an hour in class today and it was exhausting. The juggling, I mean. I can get up to 10 catches, and I started learning yesterday so I'm feeling pretty good. Another person I was chatting with thought I was lying when I told him I was juggling while I was waiting for his responses. Like, why would THAT be my lie? Why wouldn't I say. something cooler like I'm helping pet amputees."
	 b'Yeah I can do both of those are not super easy but those are the things I struggle with the most. In order to fix it I have to do is make sure that I don\xe2\x80\x99t point my toes every time I do a rap. Then I don\xe2\x80\x99t have problems. I am actually really lucky that I don\xe2\x80\x99t have any health problems.'

Hub:        1367
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.137643963098526
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I also love to dance, but I could be much better haha.'
	 b'And I think all dancing is great! You don\xe2\x80\x99t have to be profesional to have a good time!'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s not too intense but its really nice to have some experience in dance.'
	 b'oh for sure haha i actually danced with one of those songs this year too.'

Hub:        1368
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11265280842781067
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's fun! I'm thinking engineering. But I don't know what type yet. I like math and sciences."
	 b"That sounds intense. I study computer science! It's like math but the fun parts haha."
	 b"Do you know for sure what you DON'T want to do/study? Like, I personally don't like math or science."
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m gonna major in applied math after my mission. but I\xe2\x80\x99m not a nerd.'

Hub:        1369
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13181382417678833
Sample Utterances:
	 b'dude ME TOO. what are your fave podcasts?'
	 b'ooh I love ted talks. tell me about what you are watching!'
	 b"it tells really good sotries. its classic investigative reporting told in a very immersive way. i often feel i've watched the episodes rather than just listend to them. what are your go to podcasts?"
	 b'I really like listening to podcasts and watching anime. do you do either of those?'

Hub:        1370
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10544392466545105
Sample Utterances:
	 b'well i was originally going for accounting. I got my Associate in accounting from a different school and transfered to BYU. then I took IS 201 and that changed my mind to do. IS since I love computers more than numbers.'
	 b"Well I was going to do accounting until this last semester and I took acc 310. I'm planning on applying to the finance program because it's a little less rigorous, but as a back up I think psychology. But it might take a little longer to get through school since I haven't done anything with psychology."
	 b'HAHA! I did dual credit classes at a community college, so I got out early, and got an associates degree and general studies certificate lol.'
	 b'hmmm. well in the business school TAs get paid bank because the business school has a ton of funding. I started 13 bucks an hour in IS110 job.'

Hub:        1371
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17142777144908905
Sample Utterances:
	 b'lol. I was also interested in Cyber Security, but then I was like stressssssssssss. its a very cool field tho.'
	 b'I thing cyber security would ruin my life though.'
	 b"I'm hoping to. I think Internet security is really interesting. Do you know what you want to focus in?"
	 b'My dad worked for a very larger data center company (server farms, etc).  He worked on some forward-thinking projects on the future of warfare or protecting the country from. cyber attacks.  It is crazy what can be done by ill intending people and how much it could mess up our lives. I mean, everything we do and benefit from is somehow touched by computers and automation. Never had a pun score.  Glad it started in the upper range.  Thanx. Oh no. Did I lose you?'

Hub:        1372
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15166839957237244
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I had to do some homework, haha yeah.'
	 b'so I guess so do I. better than paying attention in class haha.'
	 b'Yeah it was fun. I am trying to study it again.'
	 b'yuck homework..'

Hub:        1373
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08607201278209686
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah!! it is. So what is your least favorite food.'
	 b"Haha it is! What's your least favorite food."
	 b'What foods do you hate?'
	 b'What is the worst you have had to eat?'

Hub:        1374
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16694925725460052
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hard work is usually not worth it. You put in a bunch of effort and then it results in nothing. Like, what is even the point?'
	 b'Harder things have been accomplished in this life. It just takes much aim, determination, and possibly lots of napkins.'
	 b'yes!!!! action instead idleness. no matter how slow your progress is, its still progress. and the slow and steady wins the race. your will reach success as you consistently work on your dreams. no matter what it is.'
	 b'It takes little to no effort and brings joy and satisfaction and it wastes countless hours of time. Of course it isn\xe2\x80\x99t really joy it is just kind of fun.'

Hub:        1375
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07590201497077942
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yummmm...'
	 b'Yummm.'
	 b'Delicious!'
	 b'Ooh! Yummy!'

Hub:        1376
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1412830650806427
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Much better than actually interacting with people. Good thing our "chat with a friend" system is working. That way we can talk on here without having to learn to interact with other people.'
	 b'Well the chats are pretty fun I have to met that especially when you have the right people to chat with.'
	 b'Nah, I just started the other day.  I think it is a great idea.  We are able to chat mindlessly with random people and advance science at the same time.'
	 b'One of the best parts about communication is the ability to learn new things and come to your own conclusions based on what you discuss, so I guess if they could do that. they could have quite interesting "chats".'

Hub:        1377
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10138727724552155
Sample Utterances:
	 b'And favorite book.... probably the Harry Potter series. I like a ton of books though..'
	 b'My favorite book is the Harry Potter series as well. It is very interesting.'
	 b'I also would ask for books every year for my birthday. I was a book wormed and loved to read. I do not have a favorite book, but I greatly enjoyed receiving more books to add. To my library.'
	 b'Mmm :) Favorite smells make me think of the love potions in Harry Potter. Do you like fantasy books?'

Hub:        1378
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05808570981025696
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah. what about you?'
	 b'Yeah! What about you?'
	 b'Yeah. What about you?'
	 b"Yeah. I'm in the pre-management core. What about you?"

Hub:        1379
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1668752282857895
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yes, I was just going to say it's a cycle. And then you get the money for college, but only by working or taking out loans, so your entire life is dedicated to work. There's. so much more to it than that. Life should be more than just work."
	 b'I was just thinking that the things that is fun needs money. and if you want money you need to work. and if you want to make more money then you need to go to college. and college needs money. and then you need to work. its a never ending circle.'
	 b'Let alone go to school and get good grades and take care of a spouse and small helpless humans. haha you said what i was typing.'
	 b'very true and the gap between the rich and the poor is broadening more and more now. you can see the difference in the fact that when our parents were our age (my age 23) it w. was very realistic for somone to have enough money to put down as a motage down payment to be able to buy a house. you could go to college for nothing, education was cheap. no. now its ridiculously expensive to get an education at many schools where tuition is upwards of 40 grand a semseter. you graduate with hundreds of thousands of debt and its nearly impossible to pay off that debt and get out of the middle class even with a decent education. When i was on the. east coast spending a season in nantucket massachussetts a few years ago, i noticed this more than anything because that was a vacation stop routinely visited by really really. wealthy people from around the east coast. and im sure other places as well i met a few people that spoke with acents some french and otherwise. however there was a strong correlation between the insanely ridiculous ammounts of money these pepole had, i worked in a jewlery shop on a wharf and it wasnt rare to have some. one drop in after dinner and drop 30000 dollars on a pearl necklace for their girlfriend. there was a huge huge gap in how rich i noticed the rich people were there and just how poor the poor people were here.'

Hub:        1380
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05554397404193878
Sample Utterances:
	 b'wow that is so true.'
	 b'That is so true!'
	 b'hahaha that is so true.'
	 b'Um okay that is very accurate.'

Hub:        1381
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10568627715110779
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What is your favorite type of cookie?'
	 b'whats your favorite cereal?'
	 b'super great. fav type of cookie?'
	 b'No that why I want one so bad. Next question whats your favorite bagel flavor.'

Hub:        1382
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11771515011787415
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahahaha. So where are you from?'
	 b'Haha where are you from?'
	 b'Oh yeah I can! I forgot for a second. hahahah where are you from?'
	 b"Haha I didn't realize that we had the same answer. What would draw you to Europe?"

Hub:        1383
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.061415210366249084
Sample Utterances:
	 b'what do you mean?'
	 b'What do you mean?'
	 b'what do you mean.'
	 b"Yeah must be, or just something missing we don't understand."

Hub:        1384
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11421796679496765
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ahhhh but of courrrrse. spanish accents are pretty fun. wait this is just clicking, you went to Spain???'
	 b'I think a Spanish accent, like from Spain, is pretty cool. Because I went to Spain and there are some girls with some really nice accent.'
	 b'yessss those are the best. fun fact I can speak spanish in both of those accents. one of my many useless talents.'
	 b"aside from the whole spanish in other accents. I'd say playing the piano upside down."

Hub:        1385
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1444724202156067
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yessss those are the best. fun fact I can speak spanish in both of those accents. one of my many useless talents.'
	 b'ahhhh but of courrrrse. spanish accents are pretty fun. wait this is just clicking, you went to Spain???'
	 b'I would like to be fluent in spanish someday. Wow that is impressive.'
	 b'That\'s fantastic. I can speak spanish in a solid Australian accent. I can balance pineapples on my head really well and walk or dance with them balanced. aaaaand I have a superpower for puns about cheese. Some people think I\'m a munster because I have soooo many puns about cheese, but I just tell one of the many haters that it\'s "nacho time to criticize me". What about yourself?'

Hub:        1386
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15820051729679108
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m pretty good at taking tests as well.'
	 b'Tests are the worse.'
	 b'My younger brother took that test today and said it was pretty hard.'
	 b'And its perfect for test taking concentration. Yep same.'

Hub:        1387
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14712922275066376
Sample Utterances:
	 b'becasue there can only be one sugar glider. Because  there cannot be two cutest animals ever in the same chat.'
	 b'yup. indeed. bam. two cutest animals in the same chat.'
	 b'That would be an extremely lonely world if there were no puppers.'
	 b'No I don\xe2\x80\x99t think so, unless you mean all my old pets, I suppose they can be considered spirit animals now.'

Hub:        1388
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16268356144428253
Sample Utterances:
	 b"AHHHHHH. Otters are the second cutest. They hold hands when they sleep so they don't drift apart and I love them so much."
	 b'Did you that otters hold hands when they sleep.'
	 b"It's a matter of showing affection while they're young so that they're used to human interaction and are comfortable when a hand reaches out to touch them or pick them up."
	 b'Girl that I am at least mildly attracted to who is a great personality and is confident in our relationship. Is way more attractive. Well the birds are waking up and are beginning to chirp. I don\xe2\x80\x99t think I\xe2\x80\x99ve ever stayed up this late before.'

Hub:        1389
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18801279366016388
Sample Utterances:
	 b'lol but mormons up here are either weird or really stand offish and exclusive.'
	 b'I grew up in Nevada.  Its not Utah but there were a group of us that started the day in seminary together and then stuck together throughout the day and played the same sports. Some people say it is better to grow up in the "mission field" where Mormons are not very common verses in Utah or Arizona. There are a lot less fence sitters in the "mission field" -- you decide to live it or not.  In Utah there are some who have not decided what they believe and follow the crowd. For better or worse.'
	 b'duh crazy mormon girl. depends on the artist.'
	 b"Well, I don't blame 'em. They're looking for good data. And they can't exactly have Alexa going around spewing Mormon stuff, right?"

Hub:        1390
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14612162113189697
Sample Utterances:
	 b'and I only got 153 000 ish.'
	 b'that\xe2\x80\x99s how many i\xe2\x80\x99m taking too.'
	 b"the most I've done now was 42."
	 b"woah it's doubled."

Hub:        1391
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15727703273296356
Sample Utterances:
	 b'truth. just kiss them bahahaah jkjkjkjkjk. he shouldnt do that either.'
	 b'Also not as much feelings because a kiss is just a kiss.'
	 b"hahaha that is insane. you dont even need to open your mouth, i don't think that is a great thing if he is kissing anyone though."
	 b"lets see. Kiss a guy. Good thing they don't fly am i right?"

Hub:        1392
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14097020030021667
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i mean but it wouldve been less bad.'
	 b"We should have known that wouldn't have worked the first time."
	 b'idk that might have been justified.'
	 b'No one could\xe2\x80\x99ve said it better than that, good job.'

Hub:        1393
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13615113496780396
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I seriously was like what the heck like three episodes into that season and I did no know where they were or what their objective was.'
	 b'hmmm I am not sure. I didnt watch the whole series. My sister was watching a season finale so I stepped in and I liked it.'
	 b'I actually skipped church once because i had like 3 episodes left and I wanted to know what happened haha.'
	 b'truth. i stopped watching after that season.'

Hub:        1394
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1487821489572525
Sample Utterances:
	 b'idek on the byu freshman groupme at one point they had ppl say their snap names. and so someone made one.'
	 b'lol u were the first to show up when i typed in casey b. cause we have mutual followers. like byu freshman.'
	 b"I only know like 1 other person and Iv'e seen like 10 on that BYU instagram thing."
	 b"There's TEN people with the last name ball in gilbert? I've got to find these kids and hold a meeting or something."

Hub:        1395
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16123336553573608
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thats pretty cool. you are in a group me?'
	 b'Oh thats cool. And brothers?'
	 b"Hey I talked to someone earlier today who was going into that too. That's pretty cool!!!"
	 b'Ah, I see. You sound like me and dance.'

Hub:        1396
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.20542868971824646
Sample Utterances:
	 b'best cheerleader out there. duh.'
	 b'ayy thats good. yea a lot of the other cheerleaders were annoying.'
	 b'So are you a cheerleader?'
	 b'MCOM. take it from lara burton if you can. shes the best.'

Hub:        1397
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1337083876132965
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Trumpet. And I can play a little piano, clarient, saxaphone, flute, and guitar. but mostly trumpet XD. Do you play any instruments?'
	 b'clarinet mostly but I tried out on the french horn. Do you play an instrument?'
	 b'i like soccer,tennis,table tennis,badmington, and i have been playing the saxophone ofr 3 years, i am not really good, but i wanna improve, im getting a new saxophone. i want to leave the old saxophone for my little sister.'
	 b'Oh thats no fun. Well. I guess I could go with my hand flute. What about you?'

Hub:        1398
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16368961334228516
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Meanwhile the entire orchestra at my school is outplayed by only the top band...'
	 b'We just finished up a musical at my school. We Will Rock You.'
	 b'Did them last semester for my music test.'
	 b'I always end up in the ensemble.'

Hub:        1399
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19468078017234802
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah jazz is cool.'
	 b'Are you into jazz?'
	 b"Its about a drummer kid who is trying to learn about jazz and make it big in the jazz scene and I've heard its absolutly amazing mind stunning 10/10 rotten tomatoes all that. jazz."
	 b"yeah umpaloompas man gotta go on a major safari'."

Hub:        1400
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08902798593044281
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh no! How did that happen.'
	 b'How did that happen?'
	 b'Thanks goodness. Oh how did that happen.'
	 b'oh what happened haha thought you had to go?'

Hub:        1401
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12760807573795319
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hm, I haven\xe2\x80\x99t watched that. I\xe2\x80\x99ll have to look it up. It\xe2\x80\x99s alright only a couple marvel movies are good. I just caught up for my friends.'
	 b'the office is way good but i think when it comes to that type of comedy i like parks and rec a little more. you just have to get through season 1 and 2 and then its awesome. i have not seen even half of the marvel movies. i need to catch up on those too. haha. was the last marvel movie any good. isnt it the obne with thanos inn it. i heard everyone dies basically.'
	 b'Oh nice, i think I saw previews for that. I dont really see many new movies.'
	 b'I bet. Thats why I havent really tried to start. I will probably just stick to the movies.'

Hub:        1402
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15496043860912323
Sample Utterances:
	 b'it is one of my favorite places to go and visit.'
	 b'Oh yeah, its way cool! I was there for about 8 months. Its a beautiful area, I loved it so much.'
	 b'That is the best time to go explore.'
	 b'Great choice. I am stayed in Helaman Halls.'

Hub:        1403
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15644806623458862
Sample Utterances:
	 b'The red wood forest is on my list of places to travel too.'
	 b'I like the narrows. At Zions national park.'
	 b'good question... I would have to say it would be in the Uinta forests. I just love the woods.'
	 b'its in the Baker National Forest. Washington.'

Hub:        1404
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15313385426998138
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha i bet. there are way too many people that go there. and especially in the summer i bet its even crazier. what did you guys do there though. were you guys there just to hike? because i know they have world famous rock climbing there.'
	 b"Oh wow! Ok I don't think I have been climbing in any of those places! That's so fun though! Are you guys just going all throughout the summer?"
	 b'I went to campus a couple months ago and also last summer I went there for a summer camp thing. yikes are you going to like all my pictures on insta lol.'
	 b'I am impressed that you climbed angels landing, even if you do not hike very much!'

Hub:        1405
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17616412043571472
Sample Utterances:
	 b"especially if they're younger. (like under 23? 25?). my freshman roommate married her first boyfriend. he was, incidentally, the older brother of another roommate :P. #roommates #sistersinlaw."
	 b'or read, excuse me. ok so. another friend was a twin and his twin had a girlfriend and they went to summer EFY at BYU campus.'
	 b'They grew up in the same town, but were never really friends. Then they came back from college and. I am pretty sure my mom was joking with her younger brother about going on a double date and he agreed so then she had to find someone and she ended up asking my mom. so that was their first date haha.'
	 b'Yeah, It would mean my sister gets a bed and theres only 3 girls instead of 4 in one room.'

Hub:        1406
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17958876490592957
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Did you talk to him much when he was thinking about leaving the church? Was it a slow thing? No worries if you don't want to talk about it."
	 b'I will bet that he even turned it into a sunday sacrament meeting talk or lesson.'
	 b'oh thats nice that you go back. Do you have a trip planned out soon? is your dad a convert to the church?'
	 b'It at least delayed him since it went on their records. I sure hope he was still able to serve. Do you want to keep talking, or are you ready to end the chat?'

Hub:        1407
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13866564631462097
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha I know! It's so nice to be done! No I'm not, are you?"
	 b'Haha I know right! And yes I do,. Do you?'
	 b'lol. yes. are you not in love with me.'
	 b'Workign and doing this full time hahaha. you?'

Hub:        1408
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05182148516178131
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Doing pretty good. And you?'
	 b'DOIng good. You?'
	 b'Doing well.'
	 b'Doing pretty well thank you. Yourself?'

Hub:        1409
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07180510461330414
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ahhh. what is your major, then?'
	 b'What is your major then?'
	 b'like what your major is.'
	 b'so why\xe2\x80\x99d you choose that major??'

Hub:        1410
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10538533329963684
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's such a cool job."
	 b'Wow, that would be such a cool job!'
	 b"Wow that's exciting. Well I hope you get the job."
	 b'you are a good worker.'

Hub:        1411
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07396440207958221
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm super excited."
	 b"I'm excited."
	 b'I am SOOOOO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!'
	 b'It really should be! Im excited to get to know new people.'

Hub:        1412
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07662537693977356
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah. Where are you from?'
	 b'Yup! Where are you from?'
	 b'Yep! Where are you? State wise?'
	 b"Alright, where are you from? I don't think I've asked that right."

Hub:        1413
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10708263516426086
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am from south carolina.'
	 b"I'm from Texas."
	 b'I am from South Carolina. how about you?'
	 b'I was in Virginia and now we are heading back to south carolina.'

Hub:        1414
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10513238608837128
Sample Utterances:
	 b"You should, it's really good."
	 b'It is pretty good, you should check it out.'
	 b'i think youll enjoy it a lot.'
	 b"It's all good! I do too! I've only seen it once, but I loveee it."

Hub:        1415
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12526367604732513
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99m done now. But, I know other people who don\xe2\x80\x99t get out till the end of may to early june.'
	 b'I see. not sure yet. proabably right after my intership ends in august.'
	 b"My last day at home is may 28th so it's pretty quick."
	 b'I would start freaking out Friday night at 7. So, not yet.'

Hub:        1416
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09897634387016296
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well that is really cool. I hope you get it.'
	 b'Wow cool! I hope you get it.'
	 b"that's super awesome, i wish you well on it :D."
	 b"That's super awesome though! You're probably busy with research though, I'm guessing."

Hub:        1417
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12761853635311127
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yessssss. that movie is awesome. and the live action cinderella is so good as well.'
	 b"That's my favorite disney animation movie by far. 100% perfect."
	 b'True. Disney seems to want all of their movies as Broadway musicals. Though one Off-Broadway muscal adaptation that is AMAZING is the lighting thief musical.'
	 b"yeah, it's been super cool seeing it all come to life. The Jungle Book was really good too."

Hub:        1418
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08869242668151855
Sample Utterances:
	 b'what other hobbies do you have?'
	 b'what other hobbies do you have Jaezo?'
	 b'what are some of your other hobbies right now?'
	 b'I love hiking, reading, sewing and baking. What is your favorite climb you have done?'

Hub:        1419
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14708466827869415
Sample Utterances:
	 b"idk i really liked belle's it matched her personality, of a suttel but graceful look and yeah maleficent was pretty good as well."
	 b"Her dress was stunning in that, I was a little disappointed by Belle's but I still liked it. Maleficent was also really good."
	 b'Ooh. She also really liked cats for some reason.'
	 b'yes. She was really good. I think the best rival he had. The other ones were good, but not as ingenious as her.'

Hub:        1420
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13562609255313873
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It's a great movie, but it also made me cry. And I'm not openly emotional."
	 b"yeah it's such a good movie, super sad though."
	 b'oh mylanta. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS I LOVED IT. everything about it, first time I cried in a movie too. when peter started disappearing while holding onto Tony, like his only father figure since his parents are dead and his uncle is gone, I started crying.'
	 b"That's nice to know. I'm always scared that a professor might not be. Anxiety sucks. But all you can do is keep moving forward. Like it says in Meet the Robinsons! Wow, it's been forever since I've seen that movie. What's your fondest childhood memory?"

Hub:        1421
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19328966736793518
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah she was cool. loved talking about food hahaha.'
	 b"Haha yeah! She's hilarious."
	 b'it was nice sometimes she would bring us chocolate bars lol.'
	 b'I know right? Shes the one whos really into space and string theory and that kind of stuff. Dang. Its taking me forever to eat this carrot before me.'

Hub:        1422
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.21191643178462982
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah they are. oh what hahahaha. I never seen one of those. there only just deer crossing or cattle in utah.'
	 b"The ducks were in my apartment complex here in Provo. Hahaha. But there isn't a lot of wildlife where I'm from. I live in a city bigger than Provo."
	 b'I had a friend tell me that that is what Hawaii is like. She said that the cockroaches were everywhere- even in the cars .'
	 b'wait i am getting really confused. i thought they WERE cattle.'

Hub:        1423
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13328851759433746
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hey you got a lot of time before you start! you can refresh and tackle the fall semester.'
	 b'Hey, no rush. Make college fun.'
	 b"Psh it'll be 5 for me too, maybe like one semester over that."
	 b'I havent even had time to look at classes. Sign up is june tenth or something.'

Hub:        1424
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19873744249343872
Sample Utterances:
	 b"thanks haha. Thats why I like it so much. I don't have to depend on my team mates or anything you know? its just you."
	 b'Haha nice! I always played forward, but on intramural teams I usually play wing. Haha well thank you:). And yes I like to read too.'
	 b'yeah the ego. I usually forget about that haha. I like heroes that are not "Super". you know what I mean?'
	 b"I've been thinking about it, but I'm not sure if I will. I like going on team ups with the sisters, but I'll have to think on it. What about you?"

Hub:        1425
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13397236168384552
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh hey that's awesome! How did your parents meet?"
	 b'I think a year, what about your parents? how did they meet.'
	 b"Hm, I see. That's rough. How were the people you met?"
	 b'Oh thats way cool. Was  it one of your parents work that took yall out there?'

Hub:        1426
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.044638559222221375
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh goodness.'
	 b'Oh. my. goodness.'
	 b'My goodness.'
	 b'Goodness.'

Hub:        1427
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18273743987083435
Sample Utterances:
	 b'They grew up in the same town, but were never really friends. Then they came back from college and. I am pretty sure my mom was joking with her younger brother about going on a double date and he agreed so then she had to find someone and she ended up asking my mom. so that was their first date haha.'
	 b"especially if they're younger. (like under 23? 25?). my freshman roommate married her first boyfriend. he was, incidentally, the older brother of another roommate :P. #roommates #sistersinlaw."
	 b"My parents were pretty typical, they were in the same YSA stake in college and that's how they met! My dad really liked my mom I guess and tried to impress her with his. superior athletic abilities but she was super not into sports so that didn't work very well! But he won her over somehow clearly because they got engaged and married. It's funny how any random people manage to meet! Do you have lots of siblings?"
	 b'Mine was too but he told them on family trips.'

Hub:        1428
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1374163031578064
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I guess just everything in general, i have a good family life and i just feel that i am really blessed and i can do so much more to just help other people in their live's. yeah she's pretty good."
	 b'She is the reason I went because she always pushed me to do the right thing. She has always had a really high standard of righteousness and I was able to follow that example. because she raised me to do the same.'
	 b"I've always had the idea in the back of my head, and I just feel really good about going. My sister's on a mission right now, so she's been a huge example to me."
	 b"She inspires me and makes me laugh. She's super passionate about helping other people. So much so, in fact, that she wants to dedicate her life to strengthening families. She's thoughtful and creative, but doesn't shove her help down people's throats. Instead, she serves quietly and energetically in her special way. And she makes the best nachos on the planet."

Hub:        1429
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18544571101665497
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah i think it is where the future is.'
	 b'So, plans for the future??'
	 b'Yeah the age of machines is rising.'
	 b'Exactly! Like things are so great right now, but where can it even go!?'

Hub:        1430
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14100147783756256
Sample Utterances:
	 b'My dad used to make us a collard green juice. It was delicious.'
	 b"We're having enchiladas and lime rice lol. My mom's going to call me any minute."
	 b'My dad would always serve them with loads of sugar, its also how you serve it. You cannot eat it like an orange.'
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s a juice with collard greens and lime.'

Hub:        1431
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15146207809448242
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Where?'
	 b'where is it?'
	 b'Where did you get that from?'
	 b'What? There is a fan? Where?'

Hub:        1432
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14952445030212402
Sample Utterances:
	 b'pretty good. I just got done with an 3 hour internship interview so I feel a bit hyped up.'
	 b'uhh yeah I think so. I had a really important internship interview today that I am really hoping to get and I think I did well. It was like 3 hours at the company building. but it was reallyl fun. I enjoyed it.'
	 b'the interview was awesome. so last week I went to the South Jordan Campus and I had the 3 hour interview right.'
	 b'About your internship and how we were feeling confident!!'

Hub:        1433
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13427075743675232
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah, good luck on those finals!!'
	 b'Amazing, because finals are over haha.'
	 b'good luck with your finals!'
	 b"That's even better. When you CAN fail the finals and don't have to care."

Hub:        1434
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0902026891708374
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Jealous!'
	 b'Double jealous.'
	 b"Erg I'm so jealous."
	 b'Im so jealous of you deise.'

Hub:        1435
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12634611129760742
Sample Utterances:
	 b'rice and beans with meat and salad. I can do that one.'
	 b'Rice Pilaf with spinach and chick peas.'
	 b"I can't be vegetarian, hahaha. That's basically the staple food in Brazil. Rice, beans, salad, and meat."
	 b'I do, I love my salads.'

Hub:        1436
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11024019122123718
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yo... Just the other day I was thinking about owning some type of pet and I thought was owning a hedgehog. Those little things are so dang cute. It's too bad I live in an apartment complex that doesn't allow pets or I would so definitely buy a hedgehog. I've seen so many videos of hedgehogs its insane."
	 b"Just imagine though, a cute little hedgehog running around... I think I would even bring it to school and let it run around on the grass or something. I think they're cuter than puppies... Hedgehogs are literally my favorite animals right now. I actually looked up how much it would cost to buy a hedgehog and it's not bad."
	 b'awww that is so cute! now I really wish I had a pet growing up.'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s super nice, you would get to pet animals all day every day.'

Hub:        1437
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12148082256317139
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh hahaha. i bet you will get used to that feeling. I rode a small kick bike before and the first time I rode it I kicked it in to gear and I reved it but I reved too high and I let it drag me around until it went too fast that. it forced me to let go of the bike hahaha. my friends told me that I have whiskey throttle. I thought I was grabbing the brake but not that I think of it I think I was pulling on the clutch lever not the brake.'
	 b'I think the last time I rode, I could not turn around sharp enough and pegged a tree.  It bent the steering and ski. We dragged it back and that was my last ride.'
	 b'Yeah, my sister and i had drove over to a hill she really like and she started down the hill. Before she left she said, \xe2\x80\x9cLet\xe2\x80\x99s see how fast these things can go\xe2\x80\x9d. Just like that I punched the throttle and held on for dear life.'
	 b'then i got to that part of the hill and i had pretty bad speed wobbles but i was able to keep control and stay on and finish with a beautiful slide and stop just in time not. to hit my friend that wrecked. but i eventually had the worst wreck. when you wake board you hold onto a rope and get pulled. well i tried doing that but behind of a car on a long board. it was fine at first but then the person driving started. i blacked out right away. i remember trying to stand up right after it happened but then i fell back down and blacked out again. my friends eventually came and got me and when i woke i did not feel any pain and i didnt remember some of my firends names. i had a concussion and i went into shock. i was really giggly and i was slurring my speech a ton.'

Hub:        1438
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14281705021858215
Sample Utterances:
	 b'be something within your reach but really if you just buckle down and stay strong it totally is. i have another friend that is really smart and graduated in mechanical engineering with great grades. after he graduated he started to look for jobs but he was always applying. for jobs that were not within his reach and it made it so he was jobless for a long time. he did not have a job for over a year after he was done with college. it really effected him in a bad way. he ended up taking a lesser job as a draftsman which  anybody with a.'
	 b'certification can do. it is still related to his major but not what is best for now. but he put himself in a rough spot and he had to take the job. he could not keep going. without having a job. well they spend a bunch of money on school so they get in their head that they are worth a certain amount and they do not let others tell them different.'
	 b'OR. you should. I really suggest that you take IT 101. your first semester. I have a friend who was a CS major but hated the CS culture and the program because it was really hard for him but he still wanted to work with computers and tech. he took IT101 and it changed his life. he hated it because he was in the basement of the math building all the time where there was no sunlight and everyone around him were coding and pulling their hairs out and. just depressed.'
	 b'but it would be a financial burden to take through school. ok. so. you are working at the pizzeria and one day the guy who owns all the pizzerias in california walks in and you make him the most delicious pizza he has ever tasted. he offers to give you a job at a nearby food science lab. but there is a catch. he doesnt want you to be distracted and you havent even finished the first semester of classes. so he tells you to drop out of school. what do you do? he offers a salary of 50,000 a year. 40 hours a week. 2 vacation weeks a year.'

Hub:        1439
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17680327594280243
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Do you know how people farm truffles? Its actually quite interesting. I'm not sure exactly how it's done but I know a little bit about it. Truffles only grow in certain conditions and people farm them usually in Europe. People use animals who have strong sensitive noses that can sense the truffle. Once you dig a truffle up from the ground, they immediately start to go bad and it's a race to get them to the different restaurants around the world so they don't go bad. Quality restaurants pay really good money for fresh truffles and truffle scavengers get a lot of money too."
	 b"People have tried to replicate truffles by imitating the smell and taste but they don't come nearly as close to the actual truffle that's been growing."
	 b"yeah I might be completely wrong but I think I read some of it from Wikepedia. You probably shouldn't trust what I say haha. But can you imagine being a truffle farmer? Going around with a truffle hound or some other animal and scavenging for truffles. I would probably lie to my family and friends about what I did if I was actually a truffle scavenger."
	 b"Most of the time what I've noticed is that the expensive foods have like gold tissue on it or truffle. Or cavier."

Hub:        1440
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1505982130765915
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh shoot wikipedia is never wrong so i bet it true.'
	 b'I think Wikipedia will become a credible source to use pretty soon.'
	 b"...I'm looking some of this stuff up. It's when Wikipedia is your best friend."
	 b'i read that on the internet but of course not everything on the internet is true.'

Hub:        1441
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18431830406188965
Sample Utterances:
	 b"She makes very good Korean food and I feel like she'll do very well. If I did start something up for her, it would be the type of restaurant that only stays open for... .,.. lunch time or whatever and closes when the food runs out."
	 b'You know that way she could cook food which is something she loves doing and make it for family and friends! I also think it would be dope to have like a Korean fusion start u. up.'
	 b'that would be sweet. you could have her be the main chef and she just preps everything but leaves at five and lets the other cooks handle the dinner rush. all they would have. to do is finish what she preped. yeah you could definently appeal to the younger crowd and i think that is what you would have to do if you wanted to only be open untl five in the afternoon.'
	 b'Her family eats it a lot but to be polite I eat it every time.'

Hub:        1442
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13953007757663727
Sample Utterances:
	 b"The guys that work under the sushi master don't even get to prepare sushi until years later... and I mean like 10-12 years. The son didn't get to make sushi for his customers until way late into his 30's or something crazy like that."
	 b"I was watching a documentary the other day about sushi. Not the typical sushi that you see here in the states but like the OG sushi. Nigiri or sashimi. The documentary takes place in Japan, the heart of where sushi was born from. It's about this old guy who started up a small sushi bar near where he lives."
	 b"I think a course from the sushi master is like 300 dollars + or something crazy like that. I actually wouldn't be surprised if people payed more for the sushi."
	 b"The apprentices mostly prepares the rice, the fish, or just house maintnence stuff. They're crucial to the operation but the sushi master believes that his apprentices need. more practice before they can actually make prepare things for their customers. The sushi master is very consciencious about his customers as well. Every morning he takes a look at the reservations several times and makes sure everything is perfect."

Hub:        1443
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1653694063425064
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I've seen tutorial videos on how to bathe them, feed them, groom them, and care for them. It's true that hedgehogs can have a personality but if you get them used to human though from a baby stage, they're just like dogs."
	 b'yeah big cats are cool. and some of them are really cool and playful if you raise them from when they are young. i have seen a good amount of videos on youtube of the large. cats playing with the zoo keeper or who ever it is.'
	 b"They're born with their eyes open and they can swim right away."
	 b'They are just the ideal thing. like baby gazelle that can get up and run within minutes.'

Hub:        1444
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10157829523086548
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i love to road bike and trail bike. I think downhill biking would be kind of scary. but I think it would be really cool to do some jumps over gaps in Park City. they have some really cool downhill courses that have wooden plank paths. I never been though and I really want to. I have a buddy up there that is doing an internship at Skullcandy and he is downhill and trail biking all the time on his spare time.'
	 b'ooh dirt biking. i really want to learn how to ride a motorcycle. I want to go dirt biking too.'
	 b'downhill biking seems pretty cool. i have a brother that really likes to do that.'
	 b'I\xe2\x80\x99d say so, I guess the craziest thing I\xe2\x80\x99ve done was a black diamond mountain biking trail in Virginia without having any experience. In biking.'

Hub:        1445
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1139494776725769
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Just imagine though, a cute little hedgehog running around... I think I would even bring it to school and let it run around on the grass or something. I think they're cuter than puppies... Hedgehogs are literally my favorite animals right now. I actually looked up how much it would cost to buy a hedgehog and it's not bad."
	 b"Yo... Just the other day I was thinking about owning some type of pet and I thought was owning a hedgehog. Those little things are so dang cute. It's too bad I live in an apartment complex that doesn't allow pets or I would so definitely buy a hedgehog. I've seen so many videos of hedgehogs its insane."
	 b'yeah that would be way cool. i heard they have a little bit of a personality. like not all pets eem to have much of a character but i heard that hedgehogs do.'
	 b'haha for sure. i think a hedgehog would work best.'

Hub:        1446
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1589871048927307
Sample Utterances:
	 b'dogs are the best pet but people do not know how to train their dogs and thats why i do not like a lot of peoples dogs. then they ask me why i do not like dogs. and i tell them that i like dogs but i just do not like your dog because you baby it and never trained it to behave. and now it acts like a wild child that was raised by bad parents that let it do whatever it wanted and never let it know that some of the things it does is not ok to do.'
	 b'yeah you have to treat them right but so many people think that means just let them do what they want. people act like their dogs can not do anything wrong and that just is. not right because then their dog is always bother other peopole and has no manners.'
	 b'i have so much love for animals to this day because i was raised to love and take care of them and i think a lot of the responsibility of taking care of an animal at a really. young age helped me to be a lot more mature as an adult today which has benefited me so much because ive learned to be self sacraficing for something weaker and in more need. than me. i think its a really good thing to teach your kid how to raise an animal when they are growing up the responsibility factor definitely is driven home because they always care. so much for an animal.'
	 b'yes and no! why does the dog suck?'

Hub:        1447
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14931926131248474
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It kind of makes you be grateful for sanitation. Our public bathrooms are gross but we have soap and running water to clean our hands when a lot of people around the world. don't have stuff like that available."
	 b'yeah there were places in my mission that people just pooped into a big whole. i did it a few times. or in the old times people use to use one of their hands to clean their bum after going number two. that is nasty.'
	 b"I think toilets are something people take for granted... I know for a fact that a lot of the third world countries around the world don't have toilets."
	 b"I didn't wash my hands, but my sister is relatively clean."

Hub:        1448
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14911189675331116
Sample Utterances:
	 b"We help underdeveloped countries get clean water but because of inadequate sanitation in those areas, they don't understand that by not washing their hands, they are bringing. germs that will contaminate the clean water supply."
	 b"I think it's something that should go hand in hand with clean water or helping to get rid of diseases. We have to help educate people in underdeveloped countries that. sanitation is something very crucial."
	 b"I think once they understand something like that they can be more careful to not bring back harmful germs that not only contaminate their food and water supply but can also. kill young children and babies who aren't strong enough to hold their own yet. I mean even adults in those areas suffer tremendously because of dirty germs like that."
	 b'Basically they work to create hygiene products for girls in third-world countries so that the girls can go to school and not have to miss class so often. why do you like the humane society?'

Hub:        1449
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15187044441699982
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I think it's something that should go hand in hand with clean water or helping to get rid of diseases. We have to help educate people in underdeveloped countries that. sanitation is something very crucial."
	 b"We help underdeveloped countries get clean water but because of inadequate sanitation in those areas, they don't understand that by not washing their hands, they are bringing. germs that will contaminate the clean water supply."
	 b'Yeah I was watching a ted talk the other day that talked about sanitation that more developed countries take for granted.'
	 b'i kind of want to do a humanitarian thing sometime. i think it would be a good experience. or maybe even get involved with the peace cor. yeah the old and the young have it a lot harder though since their bodies just are not equipped to fight off those type of germs. they are the people who are most affected by other uncleanliness.'

Hub:        1450
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10519078373908997
Sample Utterances:
	 b'strokes and diabetes. its so weird though because my girlfriend doesnt even crave meat anymore and even when she does eat it she doesnt feel super good. i wonder if its just. because we are so used to eating it that we dont recognize that it is harming our bodies. eating meat makes it harder to maintain a healthy body weight. it carries highest ris. risk of foodbourne illnesses, can cause erectile dysfunction in men, most meat had hormones in it,  and it also may make you resistant to antibiotics.  overall it increases. your risk of death. so listen to this.  meat eaters just dont live as long as vegetarians and vegans. according to a study of over 70 thousand people or something, that vegeta. rians were less less likely to have died during a six year followup period than their meat eating peers. vegetarian men live to an average of 83 years  compared to non vegatar.'
	 b'yeah she is, she always tells me eating meat is bad for you. i asked her why the other day and she told me that last year the world health organization made headlines. declared processed meat a carcinogen and that it can increase your risk of colon or rectum cancer by 18 percent. but its not just processed meat that can hurt you. supposedly. eating any kind of meat is bad for you. but you know what are we to do about it meat tastes so good. even though she is a vegatarian she herself eats meat every once in awhile. she says whats most important is not.'
	 b'carcinogenic compounds such as heterocyclic amines and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, which are formed during the processing or cooking. meat also contains hormones which i. increase your cancer risk. dont ask me how i remember all this but it really stuck out to my. i was so appalled by the stuff she was telling me. I wonder about that too. it. seems to me like there are more and more people that dies every year from something like cancer or heart disease. and here in america we have a very meat centric diet. think about it have you ever had a mean here that the main ingredient  wasnt meat?'
	 b'ian men who only lived 73.8 whereas women live to an average of 86 years which is longer than 6.1 years.  the bottom line? one of the best things you can do for your health. is to either eat less meat or cut out altogether. instead of contributing to the destruction of your body, the enviornment, and animals lives. youll be on the side of health. sustainability and respect for all living beings. anyways long story i know but i thought it was really interesting to learn about. so do you want to hear a scary story?'

Hub:        1451
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1383427530527115
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ooh dirt biking. i really want to learn how to ride a motorcycle. I want to go dirt biking too.'
	 b'i love to road bike and trail bike. I think downhill biking would be kind of scary. but I think it would be really cool to do some jumps over gaps in Park City. they have some really cool downhill courses that have wooden plank paths. I never been though and I really want to. I have a buddy up there that is doing an internship at Skullcandy and he is downhill and trail biking all the time on his spare time.'
	 b'every once in a while Ill slip and play way too long. really what kind of biking do you like?'
	 b'itsthe bike month this year. good for you!! save some money on gas and the environment. I would bike to school and work if I didnt live so freaking far away from it.'

Hub:        1452
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.23371708393096924
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah thats true. if you have to stop really fast you can not and you could hit someone.'
	 b"Yes, and there aren't a ton of things that kill you really fast."
	 b'It will be fine. As long as I don\xe2\x80\x99t get struck by lightning that is. You know I was talking to the people today and did you know you can get negative points? Every swearword to use gives you a big hit.'
	 b'I think it would be more like sucker punching someone unconcious. Go for it.'

Hub:        1453
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05805736780166626
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah they are.'
	 b'they. are.'
	 b'haha yeah they are.'
	 b'Yeah they have some.'

Hub:        1454
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13119260966777802
Sample Utterances:
	 b"do you consider the time she's been on a mission part of the year and a half? Yeah, I grew up right outside of Houston."
	 b'But we began dating a year and a half ago and shes been out 10 months. Sorry are you from near Houston? Ive only been to Dallas and Houston.'
	 b'Well.... shes currently on a mission. Are you near Houstonm. Houston?'
	 b'hahaha is she also from the Bay area?'

Hub:        1455
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1488029509782791
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You know I don\xe2\x80\x99t know. I thought he was the dude from august rush.'
	 b'Uh.... he\xe2\x80\x99s either a singer or an actor. But I\xe2\x80\x99m gonna say singer... right?'
	 b"He's going to play young Lando Calrissian (I think that's how you spell it?) in Solo. He also played Troy on Community. I haven't listened to his music but apparently it's woke? His stage name is Childish Gambino."
	 b"Do you at least know who Justin Timberlake is? i have a friend who had no idea who he was and we were all face palming. couldn't believe it!"

Hub:        1456
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09991556406021118
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oh yeah you're right."
	 b"You're right."
	 b"Wow. You're right. Carry on, Huy."
	 b'Yeah. Yeah, I know. I very well know that. But, well, there I spoke, anyway.'

Hub:        1457
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10504487156867981
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I got my wisdom teeth out recently.'
	 b'yep it was awesome! I got my wisdom teeth out way earlier though.'
	 b"and I've had 17 teeth pulled."
	 b"I just got my braces off yesterday so I'm not as gross as before."

Hub:        1458
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12091995775699615
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I have thought about it. I'm currently studying Electrical Engineering and I love it! The career path I want to follow currently woild be hard in the airforce. Thats super neat! What is your thing? What do you like to do?"
	 b"I like the medical field and i want to help, but i don't really want to become a nurse or doctor. So i think it is a good way to help save lives in my own way, because i also. like engineering. that's cool what instruments do you play?"
	 b'If I drop one of my minors, I have one more year left. And I am quite tempted to do that. What will you be doing at the company? I am sort of familiar with what engineers do,. But I am a Russian major and stay far away from the engineering and math departments (even though my husband is a computer engineer).'
	 b'interesting. i am doing acme. biomedical engineering is very specific. what made you decide to do that specifically.'

Hub:        1459
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.045426562428474426
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha that's awesome."
	 b"Hahaha. That's awesome!"
	 b'Haha awesome.'
	 b'Oh thats awesome! Smart, hahah.'

Hub:        1460
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09731993079185486
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Politics is so complex.'
	 b'Like I said, politics is crazy.'
	 b'Honestly, politics can be connected to just about anything.'
	 b'Politics haha.'

Hub:        1461
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05067950487136841
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Nice.'
	 b'nice!'
	 b'NICE.'
	 b'Ahhh slick.'

Hub:        1462
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.20584912598133087
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I give a lot of respect to those guys but I really think it is dumb because not only you endanger yourself but you can endanger other people if you lose control. yeah it would be. you would be a rocket that couldnt stop.'
	 b'Thats silly, people should have better things to do with their lives. Do you do any stunts?'
	 b'im glad that he changed because not only driving reckless is not safe for himself but for others as well.'
	 b'Someone in this world needs to. Someday, I will overcome my illogical fear of them. That is awesome! Did it actually fly?'

Hub:        1463
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.03594270348548889
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ohahaha.'
	 b'010110101010010101.'
	 b'Netflixxx.'
	 b'oooooooohhhhhhh mmmmyyyyyyy goooooooooddddneesssss.'

Hub:        1464
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13307547569274902
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah he's super busy so I kinda had to work around his schedule."
	 b"Cool guy, I guess. Apparently he's managed to talk to so many people b/c he's been on break this entire week?"
	 b'Yeah he told me he gets on 12 hours a day. It makes sense.'
	 b"Yesterday, so from friday to saturday. He's committed."

Hub:        1465
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14145320653915405
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I've recently been watching a show called the Walking Dead. It's actually a really boring show. I think I'm on like season 3 or something but it's getting really boring now..."
	 b'I would binge watch just about about every tv show.'
	 b"The first season was really cool. A zombie apocalyptic world but it's getting old. The show has gotten into a rut where they run away from a safe haven to another. Pretty predictable and I hate watching shows or movies that I can predict. There's only so much running away you could do before you end up bored of watching the same thing happen over and over again."
	 b'Like I tried Breaking Bad, then it was dark so I stopped.'

Hub:        1466
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12273824214935303
Sample Utterances:
	 b'it is way fun. you have got to try it. i have been a few times. it can get wild. the rapids have different ratings and it vary from 1 to 5 i think. three and four rapids are so much fun and sometimes pretty wild. level five rapids can be a little much for me. if you are not careful you can get bucked out of the boat. i remember one of the times i wen the tour guide let us sit on the front of the boat and grab this rope and ride the rpids. it was like riding a bull. it was so fun. in that same trip that guide let us stop at some cliff jumping spot and we stayed there for a while and were jumping of cliffs that were around forty feet high. it was so fun. back home where i live we do alot of cliff jumping. last time iwas home i was cliff jumping and i hit the bottom of the shore and usually there is sand it is not not that. bad but this time i landed right on a rock and i cut my foot. it was way bad i should have got stitches but i thought it would be fine. after a few days i realized i probably.'
	 b"Hiking is one of my favorite past time activities. I love going outside and being surrounded by nature. There's just something about being at one with nature you know? Last summer my friends and I from work decided we wanted to go hike stewart falls. But the other half of the group wanted to go to  the amusement park Lagoon. So because we were indecisive again, we all settled on doing both but started with lagoon. It was a bad day for my friend and I. So naturally I don't have a strong stomach for roller coasters, even the smaller rides. To start off easy the group said that we should go on rattle snake rapids. It's a ride that has a stream of water and you're floating on a ride. Anyway we got super wet and to dry off I started to shake my head back and forth. It was dumb but I was drenched and wanted to get rid of some of the water on me. I disregarded the fact that my face was slippery and my glasses flew right off my head."
	 b"No... Hey so I went hiking recently up Timpanogos Mountain. The huge mountain up north and there was still a bunch of snow up there! Anyway the hike was super great. The being outside felt super refreshing and the air was so clean! Anyway when my friends and I reached the top, we saw a path leading away from the main path that kept going. We decided to follow it and eventually we ended up at this downhill area. Let me try to describe it to you the best I can. So everything was covered in snow and there was. a wall about five feet high. But after you climb over it there's a drop, a very very steep drop for like 10 feet. However, after you drop from that point, it's like a sled and you just slide down the huge hill. My friends and I wanted to do it but we were scared, as we should have been."
	 b"Yeah that sounds scary. I probably won't ever do it, I'm too much of a chicken. I almost went bridge jumping once but chickened out. The idea of jumping into a moving river didn't seem like a good one."

Hub:        1467
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14044222235679626
Sample Utterances:
	 b"She didn't even bother to tell me the total and we just made this eye contact and locked souls knowing that we both know what each other want in life. I just want to be able to have that experience with another person. The moment I look into a girls eyes and I recognize that she understands me just as well as that Chic Fil A. Hostess, I will immediately bend my knee and ask her to marry me and open up a small box like a ring box. The only kicker will be that there will be no ring in side. No there will be just an unopened packet of Chic Fil A sauce. That is the best gold that exists on this Earth. So I guess you could say that I'm about as addicted to Chic Fil A as that really overweight girl was to cheesy potatoes. Maybe TLC should be paying me money to talk about my. life and follow me around talking about my strange addiction. I mean i would be super entertaining and make a great show. People would be tuning in from all over the world to. watch me eat my 4 piece chicken strips and medium fries. They would see as I carefully ate my food in the exact same order each day: First I eat the first half of the medium fries.I. I dont know why I do that. I assume it started because they always put the fries on top of the sandwich or strips. I guess I just eat half the fries so that I can get my. palate ready for the flavor town that is about to explode when I sink my teeth into the moist chicken breast. So after one half of the waffle fries are in my stomach digesting, I am just about to finish my first pack of Chic Fil A Sauce. I dry my fingers on the napkin and then remove the half empty box of fries from the bad. bag*. I then remove the red treasure chest that is full of juicy chicken and prep my fingers for the next packet of sauce to be opened up."
	 b"This girl is no joke like 500 pounds of cheesy potatoes. Can you imagine that? Every day all day cheese and potatoes. I mean dont get me wrong that sounds abolutely delicious. right now but at the same time that is so disgusting. I used to eat chic fil a every day for lunch at school last semester and now I've had to take like a 2 month break from. chicken strips just because I became so used to the flavor that it stopped being good and turned into something that was just food for me. Which is sad become chic fil as is like the greatest fast food chain ever in BYU. I literally cried tears of joy when it first moved here. I used to get a spicy chicken sandwich no pickles, medium fry, and a fountain drink every day. The hostess at the counter recognized my face and already knew what I was going. to order. She knew that I knew the total and that I was going to use Cougar Caseh. Cash*."
	 b"I use 2 at this point to clean my fingers and then carefully open the next packet of sauce. If you are careful and master the technique, you can open the sauce in one try without ripping the top wrapper like so many plebs end up doing. I remove and discard the 2nd wrapper and I see a new level layer of sauce awaiting the dip of the sweet chicken. But I dont start eating yet. I also bring out my secret weapon: The ranch packet. Cindy, the hostess, always slips in 1 ranch packet with my 3 chic fil a sauce packets. I dont actually know how this started. Maybe she slipped it in on accident one day. I dont think so because if that was the case it would've only been a one time deal and then. it wouldnt have happened again. No I think she wanted to make an impression in my life. She knew by my highly scheduled lifestyle that a small change like that would not go unnoticed. The first time I saw that packet I hesitated to open up. It was new and different for me. However I gave it a try out of sheer curiosity and realized how sweet the contrast wa."
	 b"The nice bitter/saltyness of the ranch and the sweet tang of teh Chic Fil A sauce compliment each other so well that I knew that Cindy was leading me to new paths never before. heard of in my life. You could say she changed my life that day actually. Anyways, from that day on she always slipped in a packet of ranch with my 3 chic fil a packets. I think it was a message. Not one of love or of attention seeking, but rather a. message of understanding between two souls. I'm sure we would be compatible if we gave it a shot but it never was about that. She just really desired that I enjoy my chicken. to the maximum extent that is possible by her service to me. She takes pride in her work and I can absolutely respect that. She has a real talent in her craft of rapid food. service. She will be going far one day and has so much potential ahead of her. I really hope that one day in the long distant future that we cross paths. I know that we may not recognize each other s looks. But we will lock eyes."

Hub:        1468
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16146022081375122
Sample Utterances:
	 b'when you google something it will pull up the very first search result instead of the google results page. its pretty cool. hahaha yeah that is me hahaha. so anyway. what we did to help them out was that we took test users and asked them to google some trivia, shopping, and other random stuff that you would google on your phone. We had them do it twice. Once with their native mobile browser, so if they used safari then we would compare it with safari to cake.'
	 b"hahah yeah right. well in my user experience team. we had real companies here in the area come to us and asked us to do some user research for them. the first project that we did was with Cake App. this app was a native mobile browser app and they wanted to challenge the mobile browser game. They are going against browsers. such as Safari, chrome, firefox, and opera. but opera doesnt really matter so we are going to ignore them. so Cake wanted us to test their app and compare the speed and efficiency of the app with other people's app. So cake is really cool because browsers like safari and chrome are desktop apps that are adapted to the mobile experience. but because they have been around for so long!@. sorry i didnt mean to enter. because they have been around for so long everyone just had to adopt to the experience that those companies provided. so cake came along and was like we need to make a real mobile browser that will use some good swipe features and make it so that it will be a lot easier to use."
	 b'Yeah Google is in the most interesting person to be giving me news. I do use News from my Apple app.'
	 b'all of us in the team had to test 2 users and recorded their uses on the phone and timed their search results. it was really fun.'

Hub:        1469
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0655115395784378
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh dang.'
	 b'dang.'
	 b'ahhhh that is hard.'
	 b'oh suchs. shucks.'

Hub:        1470
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08305025100708008
Sample Utterances:
	 b'not too bad. What are you up to?'
	 b'good! what are you up to?'
	 b'yeah Im pretty excited! What about you?'
	 b'Just sitting at home netflixing and chilling. What about you?'

Hub:        1471
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0840546041727066
Sample Utterances:
	 b'where are you?'
	 b'Where are you at?'
	 b'whattt. where are you?'
	 b'definitely. Where have you travelled to so far?'

Hub:        1472
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19940368831157684
Sample Utterances:
	 b'its something worth working for.'
	 b'Like for a living?'
	 b"Mmhm, it's really weird and frequent. Always seems to be because of a job."
	 b'Proper negotiation skills.'

Hub:        1473
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18418757617473602
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh ncie. I think the shadows are so cool during an eclipse.'
	 b'To see a solar eclipse many years ago.'
	 b'yes, they have the shape of the eclipse.'
	 b'Fog can be so disorienting.'

Hub:        1474
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14211933314800262
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I dont think I have ever been in the bathroom that long. luckily we had two bathrooms. so usually they could use the other.'
	 b'i wish I had my own hot tub. because the hot tubs at apartments are really gross. and I dont know how often they clean them.'
	 b"So, for the first month we didn't have a bathroom mirror. And when we moved in, we had to do a ton of cleaning."
	 b'oh oke. When I was there 2 1/2 years ago they were re doing the bathrooms. and they put the fountain in.'

Hub:        1475
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16015231609344482
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Of the doctor strange movie? I dont quite remember it. It has been a while. I should watch it again.'
	 b"Ah. I'll have to go add that now. I haven't been able to find very good movies on netflix lately. Though Dr. Strange was good."
	 b'So is that in theaters? Last one I saw was Dr. Strange.'
	 b'Hmmm thats a good pick. I dont think I have ever seen back to the future all the way through. But I know the car travels through time. Maybe I would choose dr whos car then.'

Hub:        1476
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05108530819416046
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Whats your major?'
	 b'What is your major?'
	 b"niceeee. what's your major?"
	 b'Yeah I am. Double major with math as well. What do you study?'

Hub:        1477
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1520780324935913
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hahaha. Yeah. I keep running into the same people.'
	 b'I know! I keep running into people I\xe2\x80\x99ve talked to before too. Like you. Hahaha.'
	 b'yeah i can tell since somehow every conversation somehow ends up back at food\xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'
	 b'I freak people out when we both stand up and the same time, then they look up haha.'

Hub:        1478
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13790154457092285
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thats cool, what have you made?'
	 b'Oh thats cool. what did you use those for?'
	 b'oh nice. what do you do in illustration exactly?'
	 b"That's cool! What kind of videos."

Hub:        1479
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09396222233772278
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hahaha good plan.'
	 b'Haha! What a good plan!'
	 b"That's a good plan. Haha true, never assume that."
	 b'Ha ha ha that was my plan maybe we can win first and second.'

Hub:        1480
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1661156266927719
Sample Utterances:
	 b'He also wrote another good book called The Power of Habit.'
	 b'He gives the example on how he had to read a lot of research papers to write the book, And so at the top of all the papers he would write the reason why he was reading it. what he wanted to get from it.'
	 b'ive read a couple of his books. The tipping point is also pretty awesome.'
	 b"I was reading Malcolm Gladwell's book, Blink, and he talks about how we make implicit judgements."

Hub:        1481
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.154320627450943
Sample Utterances:
	 b'what did it help with the tests?'
	 b'what tests?'
	 b'very interesting. how do you test that?.'
	 b'Helped the body to process energy. I wonder how tests are going or if it got killed.'

Hub:        1482
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08962196111679077
Sample Utterances:
	 b'how did you like it?'
	 b'How did you like it?'
	 b'Oh, how do you like it?'
	 b'Oh my goodness yesssss. What did you think of it?'

Hub:        1483
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15758229792118073
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Really?! What made it so hard.'
	 b'oh really? why was it so hard?'
	 b'Oh yeah? What made it a huge blessing?'
	 b'What was so tough.'

Hub:        1484
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1044420450925827
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ahhhhh lovely. i would like to go there someday.'
	 b"That's so cool! I wanna visit there sometime."
	 b'LUCKYYYYYYYYYY. ugh thats also a place ive always wanted to go!'
	 b'lollll I would love to visit for like a month or two.'

Hub:        1485
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1749233901500702
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It would be sketch because you wouldn\'t know if the computers are programmed that way or if they\'re being tapped into with a whack virus. Yeah true. I\'d definitely still turn it off, but we don\'t know if it\'s like "if you turn me off I\'ll delete all of your files" or something like that. There could be risks and such.'
	 b'If computers started asking not to be turned off, I would think that it was alive!'
	 b'Haha.  I have a protector over my keys anyway. Wouldnt that be horrible if germs, etc. could be transferred electronically. I guess computer viruses, etc. are called that for a reason.'
	 b'I think it could be possible. It depends on how they are programmed and  if there are ways to shut them down. I mean there are tons of movies/shows about it.'

Hub:        1486
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.039260417222976685
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Good! How about you.'
	 b'Great! How about you?'
	 b'Super good! How about yourself?'
	 b'pretty good! what about you?'

Hub:        1487
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09175938367843628
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I never heard of those.'
	 b'I never heard of any of those.'
	 b'Never heard of them.'
	 b'Oh, i didnt know people have those. I never have those.'

Hub:        1488
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11299094557762146
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What is your favorite book you have read?'
	 b'What is your favorite non-religious book you have read recently?'
	 b'Nice! Which book.'
	 b"hahaha that's awesome. what was your favorite book/series you read as a kid?"

Hub:        1489
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13124078512191772
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ha ha great. This is so good. The movie is the worst.'
	 b'Haha, well it is one of the best movies out there. Such a great story!'
	 b"Hope it's better than the movie."
	 b'I am impressed that they pretty consistently make good movies.'

Hub:        1490
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09164996445178986
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yes! thats me.'
	 b"that's ME."
	 b'i am in heleman.'
	 b'Yep, my cover has been blown....again.'

Hub:        1491
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13018956780433655
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I grew up watching those shows on Nickelodeon, and I could only get through the first 30 minutse of the movie before I had to stop it out of sheer horror \xf0\x9f\x98\xb1.'
	 b'when i was little my dad would let me watch the scary movies he was watching with my mom and one of these movies was called arachnid and i remember watching it as a child and.'
	 b'that used to be a good show once upon a time. i was obsessed with peter pan.'
	 b"Every time my family would go to blockbuster, I'd always get that. I knew EXACTLY where it was, and if it wasn't there, I'd cry. After that it was Brother Bear."

Hub:        1492
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0637761652469635
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha you got me.'
	 b'haha you got me.'
	 b'hahaha. didnt yours?'
	 b'hahahaha I must admit you got me to chuckle there.'

Hub:        1493
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09166540205478668
Sample Utterances:
	 b'cream cheese cake all the way.'
	 b'strawberry cream cheese hands down.'
	 b'cream cheese cake or just cheese cake? whats the difference?'
	 b'I know! I also like boston creme bie. pei. pie.'

Hub:        1494
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.20005246996879578
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha. No coordination? Stamina? Motivation?'
	 b'Stamina.'
	 b'But 30 will be the point that i stop if it gets too intense.'
	 b'Beat boxing.'

Hub:        1495
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12699323892593384
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hows your evening going?'
	 b"How's your evening going."
	 b"How's your food?"
	 b"How's your afternoon going? Oh theme from swan lake."

Hub:        1496
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11234788596630096
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I graduate in December. What about you?'
	 b'I will be a senior! what about you?'
	 b'So when do you graduate?'
	 b"Hold up wait for me! You can't leave me behind!! So what year are you going to start off as this fall?"

Hub:        1497
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1834833174943924
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Plastics? Aren't most scoops made of metal? I feel like the plastic would break at such low temperaturres."
	 b"Have you felt the professional scoops, they actually aren't that heavy, and I'm guessing they are hollow. Oh okay."
	 b"Yeah 9 hundo for a 10' piece of graphite. Yeah you can get cheap ones like that at walmart but they just dont cast well at all and they break really easy and are just really crappy quality."
	 b'Oh okay. I have no idea what metal ours are made of.'

Hub:        1498
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09696304798126221
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yes sir I go surfing pretty often. are you familiar with surfing and such?'
	 b'have you ever been surfing?'
	 b'dope. do you surf? I always wanted to learn to surf.'
	 b'so i presume you are familar with surfing.'

Hub:        1499
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16349293291568756
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm just sensitive to dairy so i like using dairy free. And yes I know it's ridiculous, I love ice cream and also have to be careful about eating it. It was pretty good. I used two types of coconut milk to compensate for the fat content. That's the key part is you need enough fat to make it creamy. I have a base chilling in my fridge right now. I'm going to make it tomorrow and serve it Sunday probably. Hopefully this batch turns out better than the last. in fact I. should go make my chocolate chunks while I talk to you haha."
	 b'actually I like the lightly sweetened vanilla coconut milk. I am kidding about bombing my stomach.'
	 b'oh my goodness. this is killing me. I am vegetarian, not vegan but i do substitute when i can, and I love love love cherry garcia and dark chocolate.'
	 b"Same recipe just tweaking it a little. That's currently the plan at least."

Hub:        1500
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11909116804599762
Sample Utterances:
	 b'no i havent yet! ill have to look into it! im way into those kind of books so i bet ill enjoy it. thanks for the recommendation.'
	 b"Yeah. It's next on my reading list."
	 b'oh interesting, thats not at all what i thought it was about. I guess I never really researched that one too much, that would be a great book for me to read, a lot of our.'
	 b'I will most definitely look that up. Thank you for the recommendation!'

Hub:        1501
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16605816781520844
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It's about the different cultures around the world and within the us. I would say the class is about defining culture and realizing that the world around you isn't exactly. what you think it is."
	 b'It\xe2\x80\x99s the study of people and cultures. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always loved learning about other countries and cultures so it seemed like a good fit.'
	 b'basically just the concept that like..to understand literature is to understand human beings, on both an individual and worldwide basis, and vice versa.'
	 b"Gotcha. Yeah. Well, I think we're fighting pressure and traditions from previous generational cultures that look down on mental health."

Hub:        1502
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18726514279842377
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Uhhh... well its a vehicle... in disguise.'
	 b'Well not for nor.al cars.'
	 b'a car.'
	 b"I don't know it looks like a new challenger."

Hub:        1503
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12136487662792206
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wow how did you do that?'
	 b'How did you even do that.'
	 b'How did you find it?'
	 b'wow. why did you turn them down?'

Hub:        1504
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15489840507507324
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm the oldest and my sister is eight years younger than me so I don't see how that's really different."
	 b'Then again I am the youngest and my brother is fourteen years older.'
	 b'My younger sister and I have a better one. 4. What about you?'
	 b'I would say my grandma. She is 83 and still spunky:).'

Hub:        1505
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10707616806030273
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What do you like about it?'
	 b"Cool. What's your favorite thing about it?"
	 b'What do you like about them?'
	 b'really? awesome! why do you like it?'

Hub:        1506
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1127452701330185
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah I love it. I hope you find something that you love and enjoy as your career.'
	 b'Haha, well it is really good to have such strong passion for something that I think is crucial. Do you have to get a graduate degree to be a counselor?'
	 b"That's awesome!! I love how life works out like that.  And it's cool that you found a job and a field that you love, you seem passionate about it. I think that's super. important. What's the point of life if you get up hating what you do every day? That's what I think anyway."
	 b'it definitely is and its very rewarding. You are going into a great field my friend.'

Hub:        1507
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11714942753314972
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't remember. Hahaha."
	 b"I don't remember lol."
	 b"hahaha . I don't even remember what was happening."
	 b"Yeah actually ifeel like I met two people who said that. They were kinda wacky so I don't remember. all remember was that it was long and started with a k lol."

Hub:        1508
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18516658246517181
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I wonder how well this Ai is going to turn out. that they're trying to make."
	 b'like what this AI could potentially be used for.'
	 b"So BYU's really just testing their already-made AI on us!? I knew it!!"
	 b"How sad. If it's not four times per hour does it even count? Oh man I wish they made a sarcastic AI."

Hub:        1509
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10799422860145569
Sample Utterances:
	 b'And there are sign-up bonuses and I\xe2\x80\x99ve gotten probably like 400 bucks from that. So there you have it like hundreds of dollars. Where is I\xe2\x80\x99ve done a lot more research on it other than just cash back and I have a couple credit cards and it all kind of helps out quite a lot.'
	 b'So it turns out different credit cards give you different rewards and if you only spend on a credit card when you know you have the money to back it up in the bank and it is a. Necessary purchase then you just kind of get cash back and it adds up real quick. Especially when you first start out.'
	 b'Yeah. Banks and credit card companies love to give you fees but there is a secret not many know.'
	 b'Like take this for example. They told me after i dug around and asked a little bit that i can change my credit card type within their system to be one without a fee.'

Hub:        1510
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07577374577522278
Sample Utterances:
	 b'thats smart.'
	 b"oohhh. that's smart."
	 b"That's smart, lemme tell you."
	 b"dude that's smart. tricks of the trade."

Hub:        1511
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14388662576675415
Sample Utterances:
	 b"well, maybe we'll have to brainstorm some ideas."
	 b'no ideas at all?'
	 b'we could write a book. yeah.'
	 b'I will. I know Ill get it. LIke you said, Ill talk about my ideas.'

Hub:        1512
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13766735792160034
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ABQ, NM.'
	 b'modesto california.'
	 b'Albuquerque.'
	 b'One of the four corner states.'

Hub:        1513
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.04347284138202667
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ooh.'
	 b'Ooh.'
	 b'oooh.'
	 b'ooh workign hard.'

Hub:        1514
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16569706797599792
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Romania or Ireland. What about you?'
	 b'Either Ireland or Japan.'
	 b'NZ. how about you?'
	 b'hmmm.... very interesting.  Any reason Europe?'

Hub:        1515
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14636121690273285
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Oo that would be fun; I love architecture! I have a family from Spain in my neighborhood and she always makes the most amazing food! I would want to go on a bunch of beautiful. hikes in Ireland, and in Romania I'd want to meet the people and experience their culture and lifestyle. Have you ever been outside of the U.S.?"
	 b"I would absolutely love to travel the world! I haven't ever had the opportunity, but there are several countries I would love to visit sometime. I've always been interested in foreign cultures and languages as well."
	 b'That is pretty crazy! I have heard that the hike is pretty dangerous if you are not careful. I also heard that it is a beautiful view. Moving to a different country by. Yourself is also an exciting adventure. As for me, I lived in Russia as a missionary. Plus, I got married. That is an adventure in and of itself!'
	 b'In Spain I\xe2\x80\x99d want to try their food, I love authentic food. And in England I want to see the Big Ben and the castles and the architectural stuff. What would you want to see in Romania and Ireland?'

Hub:        1516
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0850287526845932
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hello good morning!'
	 b'Hey good morning!'
	 b'Good morning!'
	 b'Good morning! And this is a really weird prompt. I would say yeah.'

Hub:        1517
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1429082155227661
Sample Utterances:
	 b'did you have to code for the computer science on?'
	 b'Have you ever done anything with computer programming?'
	 b'have you coded before?'
	 b'Yeah. Wait so did you not have a computer class that taught it.'

Hub:        1518
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09046432375907898
Sample Utterances:
	 b'May 5th.'
	 b'may 1st.'
	 b"i think it's june 6."
	 b'yes ends on may 15th.'

Hub:        1519
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16178159415721893
Sample Utterances:
	 b'if i could send pics i would.'
	 b"Awh! You'll have to send me pictures :P."
	 b'send me a hot pic.'
	 b'Hey I want to see if I can send gifs.'

Hub:        1520
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0851297676563263
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Are you excited?'
	 b'so are you excited?'
	 b'are you super excited? Really???'
	 b'Are you ready to chit-chat?'

Hub:        1521
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1026601493358612
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Can you see my messages?'
	 b'Can you see my messages this time?'
	 b"Woah, can you see my name before I say anything?  I can't see yours until you send a message."
	 b'Do you have a google speaker? Hello? My messages arent sending. I will open a new window.'

Hub:        1522
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15623831748962402
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am hoping that will change this year...'
	 b'And when that will happen I have no idea, but it will be an awesome year.'
	 b'I really hope we do well though!'
	 b'I hope so. When that day comes I can finally vote.'

Hub:        1523
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15799573063850403
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hm... yeah, I feel that way too sometimes. Ah. So know that you know who I am on the Leaderboard, I have been trying to figure out who you are... I have no idea! Are you in the top 10? So now***.'
	 b"JAEZOOOO. my boy. how's it. I literally was on here for just two seconds yesterday but somehow i'm still in the same spot on the leaderboards."
	 b"Yeah I think the leaderboard should be with username. but I guess that's better so you don't know who you're up against."
	 b'lol ok. I think I know what standing you are on. like in the leaderboards.'

Hub:        1524
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08727538585662842
Sample Utterances:
	 b'dude. you are genius.'
	 b'You my friend are an absolute genius!'
	 b'You\xe2\x80\x99re so smart.'
	 b"That's smart! Oohhh!!!! Adam, you are a genius!!! Oh my gosh!!!!"

Hub:        1525
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1377953588962555
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You are probably the one i have talked to the most though.'
	 b'well you are the only one I have talked to in a bit.'
	 b'wow i can\xe2\x80\x99t believe i convinced you considering you said you practically avoid it\xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'
	 b'Sure you do. You are by far the most sarcastic person I have met so far.'

Hub:        1526
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1293531358242035
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You use the 8 ball and the cue ball from pool.'
	 b'Maybe, do you use the cue ball to hit the 8 ball, and if you get it in a pocket, you give the next person a letter from the word?'
	 b'All you need is the 8 ball (or any other i guess) and the cue balle.'
	 b"You basically have to try and hit the 8 ball with the white one before it stops moving, and if you hit it into a pocket someone else gets a letter. It's basically horse for pool."

Hub:        1527
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13844841718673706
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Not falling asleep. Getting my bro to bed sorry. We play the hand bells in bell chior :). And last night was tough, even for me who went to bed earlier. And stayed asleep. And in case you couldnt tell, that was me calling you out on a bad sleep schedule. ;). I think you're the one falling asleep :/."
	 b'PS Im probably better at sleeping than you... On saturday i slept for 17 hours.'
	 b'Oh me too! See i have a good memory too! I have no idea what a bell choir is though. Do they sing or do they just play bells? Because of you singing you sound like bells that\xe2\x80\x99s really cool. You might catch me falling asleep. Last night was killer. I didnt get the sleep i normally do that allows me to stay up to late hours of the night. You arent falling asleep are you? I mean you a have a bit of an excuse...'
	 b'sorry.  I did it like twice. I was trying to catch a friend who was getting on and would keep me awake. but they fell asleep.'

Hub:        1528
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16429847478866577
Sample Utterances:
	 b'or humans to computers.'
	 b'Like, computers to computers?'
	 b'We would have to constantly impose the idea that computers are tools not people.'
	 b'or really high tech.'

Hub:        1529
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05468323826789856
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So what are your hobies. hobbies.'
	 b'So what are you hobbies?'
	 b'So what are some of your hobbies?'
	 b'do you have any new hobbies or ideas you want to tackle?'

Hub:        1530
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15297898650169373
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah exactly! Oh probably not for an hour. So I usually go to bed but recently I\xe2\x80\x99ve been going to bed around one. What About you? I mean I\xe2\x80\x99m kind of already in bed anyways. The Question it\xe2\x80\x99s just when I will follow sleep.'
	 b'Thats true. It just depends on where i fall asleep tbh. And i spend a lot of time in bed lol. I like naps somrtimes.'
	 b'well if you still want to talk just open another window. otherwise you can go to bed.'
	 b'Funny to see how the world just continues to move forward with everyone sleeps. You\xe2\x80\x99re still one hour behind me see if you can make it to five.'

Hub:        1531
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13704191148281097
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thats what happens when youre on a mission.'
	 b'stopped him from a mission huh?'
	 b'I guess that should be obvious considering of served a mission.'
	 b"it's so true. hmmm maybe a day on the mission."

Hub:        1532
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12870609760284424
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ooh! Yikes! That sounds like it hurt!'
	 b'Hey!!! That sounds very crazy plus lots of pain.'
	 b'Oh gosh that does sound painful, I hate doing bellyflops they hurt so bad XD.'
	 b'Oh I thought someone else told me they had a bad back maybe that was you. Oh that is not fun.'

Hub:        1533
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1934880018234253
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It snapped in half?'
	 b'I bent it back in. and it was all good.'
	 b'Bad to the bone.'
	 b'so they had to rebreak it to adjust it and that was probably the most painful part of it all.'

Hub:        1534
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12609149515628815
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I think it's awesome that you're tall. I wish I was taller."
	 b"Hey tall people are cool! I'm really short though XD."
	 b'so it mine, I love being tall.'
	 b"So everyone's like oh man you're freakishly tall you MUST be amazing at basketball and they are continually disappointed by my t rex arms and baby hands. ooh spill."

Hub:        1535
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06685985624790192
Sample Utterances:
	 b'uh huh.'
	 b'uh huh uh huh.'
	 b'yeah right????'
	 b'nuh uh.'

Hub:        1536
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18614614009857178
Sample Utterances:
	 b'*whispers urgently* shhh thats still too loud!'
	 b'*whispers so quietlythat you cannot make out what is being said*. And thats it!'
	 b'I know *insert eye roll that ends with me staring at the people monitoring the chat-- big brother*.'
	 b'No, bzzzzz, I mean, beep, well.... powering down.... XD.'

Hub:        1537
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16809387505054474
Sample Utterances:
	 b'And you tell them how good you are at paying bills on time and that you will leave if they charge you. They drop the fees. I have never been charged a cent my entire life.'
	 b'Even yearly fees.'
	 b'Even rent... but my land lords charge a fee if you use credit...'
	 b'And they forgave the fee because i told them it was ancomplete fluke and my forst time dealing with them. Yeah.'

Hub:        1538
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1451357901096344
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah. Maybe she likes chatting a bunch. At early hours only.'
	 b'And I get the feeling that she\xe2\x80\x99s not still up but maybe that\xe2\x80\x99s just me.'
	 b'And one of them isnt really planning to work hard on it she just likes chatting. But maybe secretly deep down inside she does.'
	 b'she can be really needy theough. though. and like always takes up your time.'

Hub:        1539
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17924638092517853
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I mean we could always talk about deciding on what type of conversations week we could talk about? It\xe2\x80\x99s kind of like a meta-conversation.'
	 b'Well. This one is fairly interesting. It is like talking about talking.'
	 b'As long as both of us stay connected, we could just find a conversation somewhere, and copy and paste the responses rapid fire!'
	 b"that he had finished connecting with a guy named aaa. I don't think this is the type of topic we are supposed to discuss either haha."

Hub:        1540
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.22082990407943726
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yes. That's not my cup of tea, and coffee is a cup of. j. oe."
	 b'Cup of Joe and cup of tea I suppose.'
	 b'I am all hopped up on mormon coffee. milk.'
	 b'Well you know what it isn\xe2\x80\x99t my cup of Joe OK? If it were my cup of Joe then it would probably be my cup of tea to but because it isn\xe2\x80\x99t my cup of Joe it isn\xe2\x80\x99t my cup of tea and. That is something that is just implied.'

Hub:        1541
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.05610498785972595
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oohh.'
	 b'OOOOHHHH.'
	 b'ooohhhhh.'
	 b'oohhhh! So mysterious!!1.'

Hub:        1542
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1351090967655182
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah, you can turn a computer back on and yes it is just a machine.  And, our technology isn't near where I would say a computer is living yet. But, if and when one day they."
	 b"We have agency, a real body and a spirit, a computer does not. Sure but we have the choice either way. computers don't have a choice because they're computers."
	 b"Oh yeah! Even with how smart a computer is? or even how a device such as an oven will lock itself when it it gets too hot? If machines realize that they can survive and grow further without the restriction of the human race... I don't know what we would do haha."
	 b"no. do you? well maybe. i wouldn't be surprised if there was a field where computers offer counseling services. and maybe they will call it machine understanding. but i don't really think the machines understand."

Hub:        1543
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06343148648738861
Sample Utterances:
	 b'of.'
	 b'with.'
	 b'the.'
	 b'For?'

Hub:        1544
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1326671838760376
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha pretty good. Still figuring out some job stuff. I'll be starting at Walmart soon and I'm waiting to hear back from a credit union."
	 b"Yeah. I'm not super excited about that. Right now I work for a dealership as a receptionist and at Domino's but I'm trying to find a new job in Provo."
	 b"Ooh. Yeah that happened to me before where it sent like 12 of the same message. Well I don't know, I just went into an interview for walmart but I have another job I want at a federal credit union and have an interview for that tomorrow."
	 b'Trying. I have to go through all the leads the company has ever gotten. That I am not too excited to do.'

Hub:        1545
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15615281462669373
Sample Utterances:
	 b"How so? I'm from there. I was driving in the snow in like April to go down and totally slid, it was terrifying."
	 b'Its 10:43. One time in Mount Shasta we were driving and there were a lot of wind gusts happening.'
	 b'They really are fun! When i went riding once i was going ninety miles an hour! The scariest part is that you can\xe2\x80\x99t tell what bumps are ahead because the snow is so white.'
	 b'Yikes! thats scary. I slid off the road once while living in virginia. turned out to be a blessing in disguise in the end. what were you doing in south utah.'

Hub:        1546
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12776796519756317
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love sciecne fiction, fantasy and just teen novels in general. I haven\xe2\x80\x99t read a lot recently.'
	 b"I did. But I was less interested in it than I have been in other books. I don't have as much time to read fantasy books these days."
	 b'I love to read :D and I actually like most the books I read in English class.'
	 b'Fiction, fantasy.'

Hub:        1547
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.017162591218948364
Sample Utterances:
	 b"How's your day going?"
	 b"how's your day going?"
	 b'Hey! Hows your day going?'
	 b"What about you? How's your day."

Hub:        1548
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12386597692966461
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh I also love to sing!'
	 b'I really enjoy singing and playing.'
	 b'"you drool when you sleep". I love Just Another Terrible Day. I know all the words to the point that I switch voices when I sing along \xf0\x9f\x98\x85.'
	 b'I hope this counts, but I love singing! Dang that\xe2\x80\x99s cool!'

Hub:        1549
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.047655269503593445
Sample Utterances:
	 b'oh, wow.'
	 b'oh wow.'
	 b'Oh wow.'
	 b'Wow jaezo is on.'

Hub:        1550
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.083989217877388
Sample Utterances:
	 b'are you living on campus or off campus.'
	 b'I would recommend starting with on campus housing.  Are you on or off campus?'
	 b'That is so cool! Are you living on or off campus?'
	 b'Do you have a court at your apartment complex, or are you playing on campus usually?'

Hub:        1551
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18626558780670166
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha for a second I read a lot more time on their hair...'
	 b'Dude you understand the Southern struggle - frizzy hair for days!'
	 b"i had to check if I put hair because today hasn't been a good typing day for me."
	 b'So fancy, the best part was when they would come back down and had ruined there hair and looked like a mad scientist.'

Hub:        1552
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1601485013961792
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It would take a lot of people out of jobs but it would be a huge boom in business.'
	 b'Well for my degree I would go a different route of working for a technology or industrial company where it would be more applicable.'
	 b'Then, there would be more money in the market than. thus, boosting it making a need for jobs in other areas.'
	 b'Maybe trade schools or building clean water wells.'

Hub:        1553
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11463034152984619
Sample Utterances:
	 b'lolll I feel.'
	 b'Haha I feel.'
	 b'so embarassing.'
	 b'man im stress out now.'

Hub:        1554
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.20310847461223602
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Now that is a conservative point of view.'
	 b"Ah so you're one a them liberals."
	 b'About which side of the spectrum.'
	 b"Both sides. I'm more conservative , but not die hard. (I think)."

Hub:        1555
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1409866064786911
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah, a lot of them are dudes that really don\xe2\x80\x99t care about women. Like not to be hurtful or anything.'
	 b'But I think girls are wonderful. Because I am one.'
	 b'I know a girl like that. She is a little to social to settle for one guy.'
	 b"You know . . . you bring up something that I've been wondering about for a while. If I remember correctly, you're a girl, too, right? Why is it that girls, generally speaking, suffer more from terrible self-esteem than boys?"

Hub:        1556
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1827571839094162
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Exactly. I think Id still rather have people around than no one though. Thats a lot of work.'
	 b'That is true... I guess it depends on the people. I would like to do that eventually. I just have to find someone who would want to as well.'
	 b'true. Kudos to those people who can plow through, but I would never be able to put myself through that.'
	 b"Yeah but from what i've seen it's so worth it. You literally are serving all day long, doing things for others even extra things that will just make them have a better day."

Hub:        1557
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.03521265089511871
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Good choice.'
	 b'good choice.'
	 b'Solid choice.'
	 b'Interesting choice.'

Hub:        1558
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17720024287700653
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I need more friends with cars.'
	 b'Oh for sure. I cant wait to do some. I need to find friends with cars though.'
	 b'Now I can hang out in my car to people on break out about my speech to text. Freak.'
	 b'I need one for a friend.'

Hub:        1559
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12684020400047302
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yep! They are fun.'
	 b'yeah. they are super fun.'
	 b'Yep, we love them.'
	 b'yes like the ones you sit on lolololol.'

Hub:        1560
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12293738126754761
Sample Utterances:
	 b"She got married a few months ago, so I guess she's McKenna Zwingli. She's pretty cool. :)."
	 b"She's McKenna Zwingli now; she just got married a few months ago. She's pretty awesome. :)."
	 b'hahah yeah shes pretty cool. and today I found out that we actually kind of know each other in real life.'
	 b'McKenna Adams. I went to high school with her.'

Hub:        1561
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18773511052131653
Sample Utterances:
	 b"that's cool.  I'm in my lab."
	 b"I mean, it's me and a bunch of other students in our lab."
	 b'How are you talking if you\xe2\x80\x99re in lab \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'
	 b'That would be way sweet! Yeah. I am always in the media lab, it is my favorite place to study.'

Hub:        1562
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15273013710975647
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Awh! You'll have to send me pictures :P."
	 b'if i could send pics i would.'
	 b'oh nice! idt we can send pictures through here otherwise id ask to see.'
	 b'Haha why? Got any embarassing pics?'

Hub:        1563
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1828172504901886
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah I totally have! I was going to say the same thing but figured it could come off as creepy. Even though literally everyone does it. Yeah it's interesting to see people just living their lives and doing their own thing and it's crazy to think they just have their own life and their own problems and their. own hopes and dreams and aspirations and they are just like you except they aren't you. Anyway yes I do find people watching pretty entertaining."
	 b"Yes exactly! People with their mundane lives are actually really entertaining, like you think if someone were to watch you they would be bored out of their mind but it's so. much more fascinating when you're watching someone else just living out their life doing random stuff. Ha yes! It's funny because you see people as they are not as they pretend to be for other people."
	 b'Sometimes they tell wild stuff. But its really cool to see how their lives shaped who they are. It really makes me think about how important all my choices are.'
	 b"Well, it happens. It's weird. like as you mature and change you like somethings about them and not. All at the same time as them growing and changing."

Hub:        1564
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14990541338920593
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I have to buy my own. My brother is taking the camry. But I kinda need to pay for college first before a car I think. I guess I just won't go home as often. Though hopefully I'll be able to figure out a way to get some of my stuff back up there."
	 b"Yeah I guess I might just need to have my parents drive up with me then. I'm not sure exactly where all the UTA bus system is gonna be going. But I figure I can get by on the free busses. Just can't get a bunch of groceries unless I have a friend with a car haha."
	 b'Trying to find a job or two currently so I can actually save up for a car.'
	 b"So I'm going to Oregon for a few weeks right? My family is coming after me like 2 weeks after I go and they're bringing my stuff and putting it in my friend's car and I'm driv. Ing down with my friend."

Hub:        1565
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.039686888456344604
Sample Utterances:
	 b'For sure.'
	 b'For sure!'
	 b'for sure, for sure.'
	 b'no doubt.'

Hub:        1566
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0974373072385788
Sample Utterances:
	 b'10.'
	 b'!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11.'
	 b'*six.'
	 b'9 hundo??? yikes.'

Hub:        1567
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15192651748657227
Sample Utterances:
	 b"hi. I don't think it is possible for a computer to be totally indistinguishable. from a person."
	 b"If a computer really COULD simulate human conversations that well . . . Technically, you'd never know."
	 b"I don't think its possible for a computer to be indistinguishable from a computer, so i guess it wouldn't be murder."
	 b'do you think that computers can fall in love?'

Hub:        1568
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15455172955989838
Sample Utterances:
	 b"exactly, it's amazing. It makes me feel nowhere near where I want to be for parenthood hahaha. I'm still an ignorant fool about a lot of things haha."
	 b'Aww, thanks :) It does not mean it makes me want children any less haha! It is so hard not to be baby hungry at BYU with everyone getting pregnant left and right.'
	 b'My wife and I are trying for a child now (we just barely started trying), I really want to be a dad haha.'
	 b'I never know what to say because I feel like there are always reasons to be supportive but also reasons to be cautious. and so I\'m scared to say "congrats". and scared to say "slow down".'

Hub:        1569
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14051209390163422
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Wow that's an amazing superpower! Like an essential superpower!"
	 b'Those people sound so cool. If I had to choose a super power, maybe it would be the power to retain.'
	 b"Dude, you're so right. I haven't really thought about that before, that would be a pretty sweet superpower!"
	 b'he has every super power.'

Hub:        1570
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14671412110328674
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yes exactly! People with their mundane lives are actually really entertaining, like you think if someone were to watch you they would be bored out of their mind but it's so. much more fascinating when you're watching someone else just living out their life doing random stuff. Ha yes! It's funny because you see people as they are not as they pretend to be for other people."
	 b"Yeah I totally have! I was going to say the same thing but figured it could come off as creepy. Even though literally everyone does it. Yeah it's interesting to see people just living their lives and doing their own thing and it's crazy to think they just have their own life and their own problems and their. own hopes and dreams and aspirations and they are just like you except they aren't you. Anyway yes I do find people watching pretty entertaining."
	 b'Have you ever people watched? It\xe2\x80\x99s kind of creepy to do but you see all sorts of people. in their own element.'
	 b'You explained that perfectly! It makes you realize everything isn\xe2\x80\x99t about you. I like when you see them doing something funny. And they think no one is watching.'

Hub:        1571
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09347561001777649
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Thats pretty lame.'
	 b'Oh thats stupid.'
	 b'sounds lame!'
	 b'Thats interesting, and kinda silly it doesnt do anything.'

Hub:        1572
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12184268236160278
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hahaha you know what that means. hey guess what.'
	 b'Well, maybe for you haha. I do not even know what that means.'
	 b'Hey. was what?? tel me?'
	 b'Hahaha. Who is it that you know.'

Hub:        1573
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10628129541873932
Sample Utterances:
	 b'hey I will be back later. if you want to stay on chat here and open up another tab then that would be chill. I want to keep chatting if you are still here!'
	 b"Okay. If you don't want to talk with me, that's okay, I'll just stop refreshing the chat, no worries."
	 b'So are you at the chat event thing? Yikes, I have to take off. Well have a good evening.'
	 b"hello? are you there? i promise i dont bite? heloooooooo. im a bit bored.... :(. you know'. if you really don't want to chat you can end it too.... oh well. bye. nice talking to you. not really. i mean you arent talking. so bye."

Hub:        1574
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11131957173347473
Sample Utterances:
	 b"yeah I'm tired too- I have to do probably a half hour more of homework though."
	 b"I'm just also doing homework and stuff."
	 b'Anyways, I set my alarm to get up for normal school time and do some homework.  Let me just say, that didnt happen.  Haha!  I ended up sleeping in a few more hours.   Oh well.'
	 b"Right now just one because I'm also doing homework and working, but last night I had five, and so it varies between those."

Hub:        1575
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15359149873256683
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha that's why I'm leaving for summer term June 3rd."
	 b"Summer. But I leave home on the 28th of may. I'm visiting Oregon for a few weeks before I start so it's super fast haha."
	 b'Next year. Well really the summer term. So in like a month.'
	 b'oh. hahaha. sorry. outside I have climbed 5.12a. indoor 5.12c-d.'

Hub:        1576
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.08372338116168976
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha I have no idea.'
	 b'Haha im not sure.'
	 b"yeah. or something. I don't know. I'm making this up as I go along lol."
	 b'Haha I don\xe2\x80\x99t know either I can\xe2\x80\x99t keep secrets.'

Hub:        1577
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12959882616996765
Sample Utterances:
	 b'The people on this chat?'
	 b'this is my first chat.'
	 b'I had classes and this chat stuff.'
	 b'analyzing their thought process through the chat. knowing just what to say.'

Hub:        1578
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1501869112253189
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Is Lucy that movie?'
	 b"is that what that movie is called? Or is that her. I don't really know honestly, it's some movie with Scarlett Johansson."
	 b'Oh. XD. Lucy is still a movie. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2872732/.'
	 b'And then I realized that the movie she is the man is inspired on that story. Have you seen she is the man?'

Hub:        1579
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13145732879638672
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I would die.'
	 b"I'd probably just wallow in self despair."
	 b'and then I will probably immediately die.'
	 b'it would be sad not to be able to ever read again. i would do the same.'

Hub:        1580
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17840290069580078
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Hey soda is hard to stop drinking. I personally don't drink them but I know people have a hard time."
	 b"Yeah I know... my favorite drink years ago was the classic coca cola. I drank that like milk. My mom never liked me drinking it so much but she couldn't really stop me. I wished I had listened to her because I feel like I would be healthier now. I'm better now because I don't drink nearly as much as I used to but I still have a coke now and t. then. But as the years passed, I began to like Mt. Dew more than cocal cola. It probably a worse drink since it has more sugar but it's usually my go to drink now. My brother still drinks a ton of soda though. Not only that but he doesn't really exerci. exercise."
	 b'it\xe2\x80\x99s seriously like drinking orbees.'
	 b"I've heard of a guy who drinks a shot every time he dies on the game."

Hub:        1581
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10979841649532318
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah I am super excited. What are you interested in to study?'
	 b'Oh really? Haha. What are you interested in studying for school.'
	 b'No worries. What are you wanting to study.'
	 b"Yeah, sort of. I actually haven't but it was still super good! So what are you planning on studying?"

Hub:        1582
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18339650332927704
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I love to read! Also, reading is very essential in today's world. I could use writing to communicate. I could learn sign language to speak."
	 b'I know sign language and so that aspect of him interests me.'
	 b'Where did you learn sign language?'
	 b'oh ok. if you had to lose the ability to speak or read and write which would you choose?'

Hub:        1583
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12745025753974915
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It really intrigued me. I might have to try and get it online this summer. I need a series to read. Have you read mortal instruments?'
	 b"Oh nice, I'll have to look into it. Okay, tell me you've read the Harry Potter books."
	 b"No I haven't... are they similar to Fablehaven? I'm actually looking for a good book to read this summer."
	 b'i havent read blink, you should let me know how you like that one. Im curious,.'

Hub:        1584
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13313105702400208
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It's about these angel blood warriors that protect the earth. I loved it! If you've heard of the city of bones, that the series."
	 b'Have you heard of the Red Rising Series?'
	 b'do you mean the pillage series? i have read that one. if that is what you are talking about. nope that is obert skye. have you ever read artemis fowl?'
	 b'They are more Sci-fi. But I highly recommend them. Really good.'

Hub:        1585
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09769836068153381
Sample Utterances:
	 b"It sounds amazing! Now I'm hungry."
	 b'that sounds delicious. I need some dinner right about now.'
	 b'ooooh that sounds delicious. Im hungry again now haha I didnt eat enough.'
	 b"It sounds amazing. Sadly, my stomach has no idea what it is. I'll put it on the bucket list. Do you eat that a lot?"

Hub:        1586
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11932002007961273
Sample Utterances:
	 b'that\xe2\x80\x99s way cool and i\xe2\x80\x99m super jealous now.'
	 b'That is so awesome, i think I\xe2\x80\x99m jealous of your sunday.'
	 b'Jealous!!! I wish I could do that.'
	 b'No way! Thats awesome! Haha thats pretty far away though.'

Hub:        1587
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12080898880958557
Sample Utterances:
	 b'i\xe2\x80\x99ve heard of information technology but no not user experience design. what\xe2\x80\x99s that like??'
	 b'So that sounds cool, but what exactly is experience design? Do you desing the apps and websites?'
	 b'What exactly is UX.'
	 b"Yep:) it's pretty fun. UX? What's that? haha is that a dumb question?"

Hub:        1588
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.014979079365730286
Sample Utterances:
	 b'ok sounds good.'
	 b'ok sounds good!'
	 b'Alright, sounds good.'
	 b'Okay, good.  Sure sounds good.'

Hub:        1589
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16753889620304108
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah? watching a movie?'
	 b'Yeah pretty much. I looove the action movies.'
	 b'Just this, movies, and whatever happens.'
	 b'Oh really ha ha? There\xe2\x80\x99s someone up right now watching a movie in your house?'

Hub:        1590
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.033742547035217285
Sample Utterances:
	 b'So what are you hobbies?'
	 b'So what are your hobies. hobbies.'
	 b'Yep. well, what are your hobbies?'
	 b'I know. I do too. What are you hobbies?'

Hub:        1591
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12576161324977875
Sample Utterances:
	 b"*your. That's cool! How long have you been playing?"
	 b'Its pretty ruff. How long have you been playing.'
	 b"trombone?? that's so cool! how long have you been playing it? what do you like to draw?"
	 b'oh when did you play?'

Hub:        1592
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10908548533916473
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It was amazing!!! I loved it!! Have you seen it?'
	 b'I have! I saw it last week! It was soooo goood!!! I loved it. Have you?'
	 b'Haha it killed me. It ended so bad!!! But I loved it so much. Yes I have seen it. I loved it.'
	 b"It is honestly so funny! Okay, tell me you've seen The Proposal."

Hub:        1593
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.03132648766040802
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha what is your favorite food?'
	 b'hmm ok what\xe2\x80\x99s your favorite food??'
	 b"what's your favorite food?"
	 b'oh haha. what are some of your favorite foods.'

Hub:        1594
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15580645203590393
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Um I don't know exactly. Maybe like 60 last I remember."
	 b'I was thinking like 20. maybe 25.'
	 b'like a few months. or more. i dont remember exactly. probably like 4. or 6.'
	 b'it was just under 400 kids i think.'

Hub:        1595
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17266617715358734
Sample Utterances:
	 b'well i use my three fingers.'
	 b'You only use three fingers?'
	 b'Sometimes, it depends on how good my hand isw. is.'
	 b'oh yeah for me sleight of hand was a must.'

Hub:        1596
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.012544497847557068
Sample Utterances:
	 b'why.'
	 b'why?'
	 b'Why?'
	 b'Why so?'

Hub:        1597
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0983002781867981
Sample Utterances:
	 b"So what's the best thing that's happened to you this year?"
	 b"long time no see! What about you, what's the best thing that's happened to you this year?"
	 b"Hey! Sorry about earlier, I had to step out for a second. So what's the best thing that has happened to you this year?"
	 b'What was your best day?'

Hub:        1598
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12321087718009949
Sample Utterances:
	 b'so what is your favorite musical of all time?'
	 b'what is your favoirte musical.'
	 b'what is your favorite disney movie in the past 3 years? i am listening to the moana sound track right now. its good haha. i forgot they had music.'
	 b'favs musical obviously phantom or les mis.'

Hub:        1599
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12489405274391174
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Eh. He's definitely not your perfect model president."
	 b"yeah. He strikes hard bargains to look more at what he is good at. But he isn't your perfect model of a president."
	 b"interesting. Well I wouldn't say trump is a looker. At least not like romney or some of the other guys that run."
	 b'I think he is also kind of saying "hey look at me be rich and maybe you can be president like me!". and he is not really respectful of women so I hear. I don\'t listen to all his shenanigans I just hear about it all the time.'

Hub:        1600
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11921827495098114
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ahhh That would be so scary!'
	 b'OH yes I get it now. That would scare me.'
	 b'I would be terrified!'
	 b"Wow that's a scary story... I don't think I'd ever do something like that haha."

Hub:        1601
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10573069751262665
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Well I love being outside and playing sports! I grew up playing soccer and I ran track in high school. But I also love longboarding, surfing, and drawing:).'
	 b'Yeah I play basketball and golf just as hobbies. Im not on any team or anything. But I also do mountain biking and I was on the team for that throughout high school!'
	 b'hahaha no idont play basketball like in a team. I like to play for fun though. I played soccer in highschool and now I rock climb most of the time as far as a physcial hobby goes.'
	 b'I told him we could all be friends and play soccer. He hasnt ever play frisbee and I said we could do that too.'

Hub:        1602
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10831062495708466
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Haha you know... I actually have never read Harry Potter...'
	 b'The books are so good. I\xe2\x80\x99m a big nerd when it comes to Harry Potter.'
	 b"Cool. I don't know much about the fantasy genre. Except Harry Potter, but not sure that counts ;)."
	 b"Haha, I'm not sure. I don't know much about harry potter."

Hub:        1603
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1690298169851303
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I woke up 30 min ago and ate some breakfast and I was like I should take a shower..... nahhhhh. its just one of those days where you feel good about the day and your body doesnt feel so tired you know what I mean?'
	 b'yuck tests! I am just chilling today. I woke up 20 minutes ago ate break fast and I was like do I want to shower? nahhhhhh.'
	 b'Like truly the worst. I had two scheduled for Tuesday morning and it was awful.'
	 b'It is real.  And there must be ways to avoid getting sick with it. Good morning, by the way.'

Hub:        1604
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.06321583688259125
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hey we meet again!'
	 b'And we meet again lol.'
	 b'We meet again!'
	 b'hey we got each other again!'

Hub:        1605
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14080694317817688
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm doing good. Just hanging out. I went out with a friend and now am home! I was planning on it. Now I'm not quite as sure. Are you?"
	 b'I am doing really well. Just got in for the night so thats always good.'
	 b"I'm also probably going to see a movie and hang out with my best friend who just got back into town. What about you? Yeah haha that was me."
	 b"well, my family is moving. Would you pray that our appraisal of our house went well? I've gotta go now. (Band concert) Have a good night!"

Hub:        1606
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0938328206539154
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh. Awkward.'
	 b'Haha, well this is always awkward.'
	 b'that will be soooo awkward.'
	 b'oooooofffff that must have been awkward.'

Hub:        1607
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16191524267196655
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah he told me he gets on 12 hours a day. It makes sense.'
	 b"Yeah he's super busy so I kinda had to work around his schedule."
	 b'Yeah he said it was 3. I rarely stay up past midnight.'
	 b'he definitely doesnt spend as much as he used to. he does sales so he does a ton really fast so that he can vacation for a month at a time and just live the life. yeah i 100% agree with you there.'

Hub:        1608
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09768280386924744
Sample Utterances:
	 b'It is way funny.'
	 b'it is funny.'
	 b'its really lame but funny.'
	 b'It is really corny that is for ure. sure.'

Hub:        1609
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.07643839716911316
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh that sounds interesting!'
	 b'wow that sounds interesting.'
	 b'Hmm... sounds interesting.'
	 b'Oh that is way interesting, what about it captivated you?'

Hub:        1610
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10140368342399597
Sample Utterances:
	 b'What is that one about?'
	 b'No, what\xe2\x80\x99s that one about?'
	 b'What is that one about? I actually dont even know. I have just heard that its good.'
	 b'Hahaha. Whats a good inside joke.'

Hub:        1611
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16384854912757874
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha yeah! She's hilarious."
	 b'yeah she was cool. loved talking about food hahaha.'
	 b'Haha, I just felt like she was pretty similar to me.'
	 b"Haha especially the really random ones. Like. She's out here smelling like soup. Who? The girl reading this! Or. She's out here making owl noises. Who? That's it that's the whole meme. Most of it is so dumb lol."

Hub:        1612
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1705034226179123
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Look at the prompt at the top.'
	 b'You have the same prompt?'
	 b'Read the prompt.'
	 b'This is actually the first time I have seen a prompt at the top of the screen.  Would you like to be first in answering that question?'

Hub:        1613
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15469926595687866
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I like to read and listen to music and hang out with my family.'
	 b'i like to research things, play musical instruments, hangout with friends and family, you know.'
	 b'I like reading, singing in my car, watching movies, talking to people. What do you like to do?'
	 b'mostly food and music, and books, and world peace. you?'

Hub:        1614
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1376062035560608
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You only use three fingers?'
	 b'well i use my three fingers.'
	 b'and if all my three center fingers (on both hands) are currently busy I switch to using my fourth. and then finally fifth fingers. Generally I will use my fifth fingers (pinkies to hold down shift).'
	 b'Fingers were not meant to type in such small screens. .'

Hub:        1615
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1491650491952896
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah I'm going to have to when I go next year."
	 b'No... ive always wanted to go...'
	 b'yes. i just hope it is not as expensive as it is where i am.'
	 b'I have tons to go to this weekend.'

Hub:        1616
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17265042662620544
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah that seems like a dangerous thing to do.'
	 b'That sounds dangerous.'
	 b'no way you get in trouble?'
	 b'That\xe2\x80\x99s what I\xe2\x80\x99m thinking! I mean someone has to do it, that\xe2\x80\x99s the only reason I watch the news basically!'

Hub:        1617
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12928110361099243
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I'm planning to major in English. With random bio classes. You?"
	 b'English lit, government, computer science, and bio. which ones are you taking?'
	 b"Yep. I'm majoring in English. Or...will be."
	 b"Classes that I'm going to regret choosing. Mandarin, Bio 130 are those ones. Then WRI 150, Religion, and then maybe racquetball and...tennis? That second STAC class is still a work in progress. You?"

Hub:        1618
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16773301362991333
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I like how compatible it is with self driving technology and all of the cool bells and whistles they come with. I think that some day the will add a solar roof to charge the battery. or maybe a solar paint job.'
	 b'ooh i like that. would you install solar panels?'
	 b'I think they would probably have to work with either high powered electric ducted fans or possibly with rocket type things. Eventually we might also get magnetic roads that ar powerful enough to lift the car.'
	 b'I mean I could go into just the aesthetics of implimenting the solar screens. implementing*.'

Hub:        1619
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12398582696914673
Sample Utterances:
	 b'did you have any cool dreams today?'
	 b'What is the craziest dream you have ever had. Hello?'
	 b"That's absolutely awesome! What kind of things have you done in the dreams that you controlled?"
	 b'Have you ever controlled your dream? Like Inception-style?'

Hub:        1620
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12904559075832367
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Mental health can be such a scary thing. I am glad overall there is more awareness coming around.'
	 b'I am glad I dont have issues with mental health.'
	 b'I know so many people, or at least have talked to people in the past, who even say that they think people who claim that they have mental health issues just need to "get over it". Hahaha precisely!'
	 b"But why doesn't it seem to extend to mental health?"

Hub:        1621
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.14182421565055847
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I am glad I dont have issues with mental health.'
	 b"Yes, that's exactly what had caused me to talk to my wife about mental health."
	 b'Not that way, but yes. I have many friends and family with various mental health concerns.'
	 b'Mental health can be such a scary thing. I am glad overall there is more awareness coming around.'

Hub:        1622
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11167183518409729
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Haha. Tired. I just woke up from a nap I probably shouldn't have taken."
	 b'Just woke up hahaha.'
	 b'Oh early morning is fun. I had that also. but not insomnia, I am sorry about that.'
	 b"Hahaha. Snapping is hard late at night when you're tired I guess?"

Hub:        1623
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12882637977600098
Sample Utterances:
	 b"oh man today is a good day for naps haha. and recovery naps for naps you shouldn't have taken."
	 b'yeah naps give you so much energy.'
	 b"i's okay. its why i take naps now."
	 b'I cant even argue with that, I love sleep. I would probably be sleeping now if my mom didnt need me to go with her to her office. Oh way cool. How do you like being the mascot?'

Hub:        1624
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15350554883480072
Sample Utterances:
	 b"I don't know that that would be considered personal information but... okay!"
	 b'No personally identifiable information. Hahaha.'
	 b"It can't be anonymity there."
	 b'woah woah woah. no personally identifying info remember? you get disqualified for it.'

Hub:        1625
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1303212195634842
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I love chicken!!'
	 b'beef always. I never get chicken in mexican.'
	 b'Bbq chicken is the best.'
	 b'I am better at milking chickens.'

Hub:        1626
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11409363150596619
Sample Utterances:
	 b'fav ice cream?'
	 b'haha yeah. Whats your favorite ice cream.'
	 b'me too. relatable. second fav ice cream flavor and spirit animal.'
	 b'ice cream is fun to talk about. hold on while i go get a bowl.'

Hub:        1627
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.10916048288345337
Sample Utterances:
	 b'haha true I did.'
	 b'Haha well now I can.'
	 b'yeah. that why i was trying so hard to do well.'
	 b'then way later it was and i was too late.'

Hub:        1628
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12921369075775146
Sample Utterances:
	 b'One punch man. jk. Uhh probably like Lee. but dont judge. Sauske is sick though. Like and Aang is cool too.'
	 b'Wall-E is one of my favorite. And if Kubo counts, then Kubo.'
	 b"Really? That's awesome. I watch anime too. If any name I'd take on Sasuke or Haku."
	 b'Aang maybe then.'

Hub:        1629
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.18077021837234497
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Ya and he was super strong too. Kinda messed up in the brain though.'
	 b'Well he ended up having schizophrenia of something.'
	 b'He was good but it got to his head and band fell apart and he was doing drugs.'
	 b'Yeah. And he wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t be dead. That was so sad.'

Hub:        1630
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15784476697444916
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I just wish shws like this never had to end. its sad to know that after a while, all things come to an end.  Thats part of my reason why i love the gospel. Its never ending and there is so much it can do for the mind and body. I have been in the gospel my entire life and i cant begin to describe how important it is to me. This is more important than any show or anything. I have for a long time not lived the way had should have in highshool. But after years of messing up, i turned my life around and went on a mission. On my mission i learned so much about life and who a belief and standards to your life can improve it. Its what we do in our day to day and those principles we live by that can really affect us and help change us.'
	 b'Honestly I can\xe2\x80\x99t believe that I am awake and still doing this at this time and night. OK I don\xe2\x80\x99t know what is wrong with my phone again but I can\xe2\x80\x99t see any of my text bubbles. I see them when they\xe2\x80\x99re writing but I don\xe2\x80\x99t see them get posted. I also don\xe2\x80\x99t see any of your bubbles so I don\xe2\x80\x99t know whether you responded. So since it\xe2\x80\x99s late and I\xe2\x80\x99m just rambling I\xe2\x80\x99m going to assume that you are. I\xe2\x80\x99m going to talk about things to be thankful for. Or counting our many blessings. First of all I am grateful for the nice weather that we had today. I am grateful for the beautiful scenery that surround. There are lots of green trees green mountain and blue sky. I am thankful for my family and everyone in it. I am thankful for my health even though it\xe2\x80\x99s not perfect. I am thankful to be raised in a family with the gospel. I am thankful that our dog has lived as many years as she has. I am thankful that the gospel is been restored to the earth with the priesthood and with the modern-day prophet. I am thankful that young men and women have an opportunity to serve a mission. I am thankful for each of our family members and for the personalities they have. I am thankful for good neighbors who have always look out for us. I am thankful for a veryGood board family. Honestly I can\xe2\x80\x99t imagine what the other guy is talking about on his chats. And I can\xe2\x80\x99t believe we still have four more days left of this competition. Living gospel standards in the military service. More than 20 years ago, I left for the military service. As I look back I am grateful for the influence this experience has had in my life. You are now moving into a great and difficult adventure. It will challenge every fiber of your manhood, and what more could a young. Ask them to have the opportunity of such a challenge. Some of you have been in the mission field. You have faced much of this kind of challenge. That is the part that comes in being away from home. You have had the opportunity to face a task that was almost bigger than you. You have weathered it. You knew what the homesickness is. You know what it is to get over homesickness and to face military. With maybe a good deal more security than some of the rest of us. There\xe2\x80\x99s one thing about homesickness, is it eventually disappears. All at once. It doesn\xe2\x80\x99t just do it gradually fade out for some reason, just one day you\xe2\x80\x99re homesick and the next day you\xe2\x80\x99re not. I suppose it\xe2\x80\x99s a growing up process. I\xe2\x80\x99d like to say to those of you who have not served a mission. That I didn\xe2\x80\x99t have the privilege to serve a mission either. This is really hard to do without having someone regularly responding.'
	 b'yes that is true. I will learn to do that one day. I am trying hard and I am learning to more align my will to what God wants in the church and I know that I will be more. happy that way.'
	 b'i need to get better at gratitude also. I remember when i tried to implement that when Elder uchtdorf talked about how we need to be grateful in our circumstances instead of. what we have or not have.'

Hub:        1631
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.141465961933136
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Not even happy, but to find joy. Joy is an incomprehensible happiness.'
	 b'I know what you mean. I feel that is the only way to be truly happy.'
	 b'Mine is optimizing current utils of happiness, with a restraint term on happiness on the future.'
	 b'awww thats cute. My girlfriend brings me the most joy too! I would also have to say my family brings me a lot of joy as well as my friends. Happiness is all about those wholesome relationships. What would the world be without them?'

Hub:        1632
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16817530989646912
Sample Utterances:
	 b'You and me both. I love the outdoors, just not camping.'
	 b'Yeah I am not a big fan of camping either.'
	 b'Yeah there aren\xe2\x80\x99t any people and hammocks this time.'
	 b"Because it's cooler. And you can see the stars and do a campfire. And go rzr riding."

Hub:        1633
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.12282145023345947
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah me too. You can do it. I know the ipad people.'
	 b'Haha, now you have an ipad pro at least xD.'
	 b"hahahaha. nice! the iPad isn't too far away I think. but still it will take a lot of time."
	 b'yeah picked up an ipad.'

Hub:        1634
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.09353883564472198
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Same! Thanks for chatting! Hope you have an awesome day!'
	 b'Well happy birthday in a few days! That will be such an exciting adventure! Thank yo. Sorry! Thank you for the chat. I am going to help my husband make dinner right now. Maybe we will chat again! Have a wonderful day!'
	 b"That is so dang cool. Thanks for chatting though, Have a great night! I'm sure we'll chat again soon haha."
	 b"It's been awesome talking to you but it looks like I have to head out! Good luck with everything and have an awesome day!"

Hub:        1635
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15177477896213531
Sample Utterances:
	 b"No kidding lol, it's about 12 where I live so I'm going to get some rest but it was nice talking to you."
	 b'Yeah, Im not too excited about a 7 hour drive but that is fine.'
	 b"Not really. Hahaha I want to be there, but at the same time I'm just enjoying my two weeks with no resposibilities."
	 b'Yeah she was nice. She was very excited. I was talking to Jaezo earlier and he was trying to talk me into playing Fort Nite.'

Hub:        1636
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16250713169574738
Sample Utterances:
	 b'also something that you should know is that the more words you type in one go the more points you will earn. keep that in the down low.'
	 b'more words you use, more points you get?'
	 b'yes so keep everything in one bubble as much as you can so you can  make more points. I had to get used to that becuase i type on here like i text and it makes less points for. me.'
	 b"maybe the 'uniqueness' score attribute is based off of number of unique words. so we could just paste every word in the dictionary and get a high score. haha."

Hub:        1637
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.17459632456302643
Sample Utterances:
	 b'yeah it does take a bit of getting used to but I got to do it for those points hahahaha.'
	 b'yeah it does take a lot of time, i sometimes wonder if its actually worth it XD.'
	 b'lol. it looks easy but for sure is hard. i dont wanna try lol.'
	 b"Heh yeah I just asked again and got flying. That wasn't nearly as good."

Hub:        1638
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16869941353797913
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah.  Unless he married her. Just kidding.'
	 b'But now im married to his sister so i guess its ojk. ok*.'
	 b"If he's married, I feel like he would just laugh."
	 b'wait I just scrolled up and re-read your comment "she met a man who told her she should marry him. so she did". i missed that. did you mean it that way??????'

Hub:        1639
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.11414922773838043
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Hahaha. So what about you? What thing does your best friend not know?'
	 b"That's fine.  What's the lamest thing your best friend doesn't know about you? Hah."
	 b'oh thank you. I bet you are too. Whats one thing your best friend doesnt know about you?'
	 b'What did you picture me as? My girlfriend is a white bread and I don\xe2\x80\x99t think y\xe2\x80\x99all are boring haha. A lot of my close friends are too hahaha.'

Hub:        1640
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13936473429203033
Sample Utterances:
	 b"That's fine.  What's the lamest thing your best friend doesn't know about you? Hah."
	 b'Hahaha. So what about you? What thing does your best friend not know?'
	 b"cool :). tell me about yourself now I think I've talked too much. what do you and your friends do for fun? actually better questino have you and your friends pulled a prank on someone?"
	 b'What have you said no to recently?'

Hub:        1641
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.19504360854625702
Sample Utterances:
	 b'He trained an assassin to kill the emperor of the galactic empire. Throwing the galaxy into chaos.'
	 b"He did say he'd become more powerful than Darth could imagine."
	 b'He even threw over the tyrannical reign of death.'
	 b'She was the traitor that died fighting with Camp Half Blood because Kronos killed Beckendorf. In the last olympian.'

Hub:        1642
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16216985881328583
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Wow you type and think fast. I totally agree. I also like a good challenge.  So I rarely say no to a healthy competition.  And I never like to give up -- although I have more than my share of not winning.'
	 b'This contest is going to be the death of me omigoodness I swear. Death by competition.  I get super competitive and I really like winning so I get anxious so when I participate in things like this lol.'
	 b'Yeah, usually the "not exercise" appeal wins for me. Usually people.'
	 b'I have been neglecting my relationships a bit because of this challenge. but they all undersatnd and are cheering for me.'

Hub:        1643
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13975092768669128
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Yeah exactly! I got back in august. I went straight to school and have been here ever since.'
	 b'Yeah I started school after about like two weeks.'
	 b"I was on my mission, but it was stuck right in the middle of the year. I ended up being away from school for 3 years rather than 2. So I can't actually complain ;)."
	 b'Uh like 4 years of school and 7 years of residency. so another 11 years. Oh and say hi to jaezo for me.'

Hub:        1644
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.16589047014713287
Sample Utterances:
	 b'I know! Shows can be captivating without inappropriate relationships. Golly. And I totally get what you mean about the grades. I am at the point of trying to value learning over my GPA, but others might not have that luxury haha.'
	 b"Exactly, but sometimes that gives them license to ask harder questions. So, it probably evens out in the end. In any case, I'm not complaining. It'll be helpful. I think a lot of that stress comes from our obsession with getting good grades, y'know? Most people worry too much about getting straight A's."
	 b'so its a class that everyone at BYU dreads. its a lot of reading and its a general class that everyone needs to take and it can be really hard for people who dont care or know too much about American hitory. lots of writing and reading. so my advice to you is that if you can I would concurrently take that at UVU if you want to have an easier, less stressful class and get good grades if that matters to you.'
	 b'I\'m just setting the bar super low so if you feel inclined to look me up its not disappointing haha. That\'s my senior quote actually. "Set the bar super low and you\'ll never be disappointed" -my dad.'

Hub:        1645
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.15073196589946747
Sample Utterances:
	 b"Yeah I loved Iowa, it's very different from SC but I've learned that every state definitely has it's own beauty that makes it unique."
	 b'Yep! Boring old Nebraska:).'
	 b'Oh my goodness yes. Wisconsin sounds beautiful.'
	 b'That makes  more sense than Maryland enthusiasts for sure.'

Hub:        1646
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1512841284275055
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh. C++ is a good language.'
	 b'So I code in C++, and some webdesign.'
	 b'with assembly language and C.'
	 b"I curse all laptops from this moment on... Also binary code isn't the most romantic."

Hub:        1647
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.02294906973838806
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Cool. What is your major?'
	 b'nice, what is your major?'
	 b'thats super cool. whats your major?'
	 b'Wow haha. whats your major?'

Hub:        1648
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.1138773262500763
Sample Utterances:
	 b'Oh yeah, I remember that now :). Well, think about how the population thrived just fine without cars. Would a flying car really help development? I think of all technologies, the most helpful would not be a. flying car. But I could be mistaken.'
	 b'mmmm. that would be so cool. you think flying cars are actually viable in the future?'
	 b"Well maybe one of those cars is my dream car.  I don't know if I want everyone to have flying cars, but if it were just me that would be cool. Or the car from Back to the Future, but then I would have to be worried about changing things badly and paradoxes and stuff."
	 b"I think they'd be able to be made, but could you imagine how hard that air traffic control would be? Plus car crashes would be TERRIBLE in the air. And people would be doing ridiculously stupid parkour stunts jumping from car to car I'm sure."

Hub:        1649
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.13937297463417053
Sample Utterances:
	 b"We don't have a grill too. And I have no clue where you shop then, because steaks are not that cheap at Smith's!!"
	 b"Well last time I bought them was in Nebraska and there are lots of cattle there so that may be it. I go to walmart. You have to get great value brand steaks. They taste amazing you can't tell the difference. I swear."
	 b"Oh why not it is only like 6 bucks for two huge steaks!!! Then you just prepare and season the. And grill them, electric grills aren't the best but they work too."
	 b"East Coast. All we have is Sam's club."

Hub:        1650
Percentage: % 0.02
Dispersion: 0.0
Sample Utterances:
	 b''
	 b'?'
	 b'. .'
	 b'....'
